Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



All Aurora door codes in Subnautica


In Subnautica, you’re trapped at the bottom of the sea in a broken spaceship known as the Aurora. You’re tasked with opening each of the doors as the game slowly reveals its secrets, but did you know that by using door codes in Subnautica, you can gain access to each of these areas at the very start of the game?


Below, we’ve listed every Subnautica Aurora code, and the door each one unlocks. You can use these at any point in the game, but some players may consider doing so cheating – so the choice is yours.


Article continues after ad


Contents


Subnautica is gorgeous, but you’ll need to work hard to survive in the Aurora.


What are Subnautica Aurora door codes used for?


Subnautica codes are used for unlocking the various doors of the Aurora craft. Most codes can be found in game by playing through the story, but knowing each door code ahead of time can make life much easier.


Getting through each door in the Aurora allows you to find upgrade materials and other helpful items early. This also includes tools for unlocking more areas in the game before you’re supposed to.


Using the door codes early doesn’t brake the game in anyway, it just gives you a nice early advantage to aid your survival.


Subscribe to our newsletter for the latest updates on Esports, Gaming and more.


Codes help the player navigate the damaged Aurora in Subnautica.


All Subnautica Aurora door codes


Here’s all of the available door codes for the Aurora in Subnautica:


Article continues after ad


You’ll only need to use each once for the door to remain open.


So, there you have it – that’s every Aurora door code in Subnautica.


If you’re looking for codes for other games, make sure to check out our guides below:


Article continues after ad


All aurora door codes


During your time in Subnautica, you’ll frequently be notified about the status of the Aurora. The Aurora is a ship that had a number of reasons before it crash landed, but now that it has, you’re more than welcome to explore it. Here are all Aurora Door Codes in Subnautica.


How to Get Aboard the Aurora


It’s first worth noting that in order to even hop aboard the Aurora in Subnautica, you’ll first need to wait for the engine to explode. This occurs after a few in-game days, at which point players are then free to go and explore it.


The Aurora ship itself can be found on the far east side of the map and is most easily spotted by heading to the surface of the water.


Once you’ve found it, you’ll want to equip a Radiation Suit. If you don’t have one, you’re not going to be able to explore the ship, simple as. It’s also recommended that you take the following items:



  
Radiation Suit – Required to explore the Aurora, due to the amount of radiation being emitted from the ship.

  
Repair Tool – This will help you repair the Drive Room and any broken doors, of which there are plenty, on the Aurora in Subnautica.

  
Laser Cutter – The laser cutter will allow you to enter various rooms including the Prawn Suit Bay and Black Box Terminal.

  
Survival Knife – Handy for killing any lingering bleeders.

  
Propulsion Cannon / Repulsion Cannon – Either of these can be helpful for removing crates and barriers, namely the ones in the main hallway and Laboratory entrance.

  
A Weapon – To take care of any Cave Crawlers. This could just be the Propulsion/ Repulsion cannon you take with you for clearing obstacles on the Aurora.

  
A Seaglide – You’ll need one of these for getting around the submerged sections of the Aurora in Subnautica.




All Aurora Door Codes in Subnautica


Once you’ve got yourself equipped, you’ll be ready to head on board. There are a number of doors as you explore the ship that are locked. These require door codes in order to open them, and while they can be found in-game and as you progress through the story, who wants to wait?


Here are all Aurora door codes in Subnautica:


Once you reach a door, hover your mouse over the code screen just next to the door and enter the numbers in the order listed above. Upon entering the fourth and final digit, the door will open and you can get the valuable loot lying inside.


Related: Subnautica: Below Zero Review on PC Invasion


And there you have everything you need to know about the Aurora door codes in Subnautica, and a few tips on how to ensure you’re prepared for exploring this enormous ship.


For more tips, tricks, and guides on Subnautica, be sure to search for Twinfinite. We’ve also included some of our most popular guides for the game down below, because we’re nice like that.


Question: What are all the Aurora door codes in Subnautica?


Answer: The Cabin No. 1 door code is 1869 while the Captain’s Quarters is 2679. The Cargo Bay door can be unlocked with the door code 1454, while the Lab Access code is 6483. Finally, the Robotics Bay can be opened with 6666. That’s all of the Aurora door codes in Subnautica.
