Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Angry Birds: Ace Fighter


Angry Birds: Ace Fighter is a SHUMP (shoot'em up) starring the charismatic fowl from Angry Birds. As always, you'll need to face off against the evil green piggies. Wait though, this time around, instead of catapulting birds as an attack, you'll be a fighter pilot armed to the teeth.


Moving around your aircraft is easy. You'll need to keep your finger pressed on your screen, and move around from one spot to another. Your ship should then engage in nonstop shooting automatically, although in your left lower corner, you'll have several buttons available that allow you to deploy special assault attacks.


Between one level and another, players can customize their ship or their bird at whim. You'll also be able to choose several different pets that'll help you during airborne battles by using their own unique attack skills. In order to use these attacks, watch out to grab power ups that'll boost your mascots' energy levels.


By default, you'll be able to play on your own Angry Birds: Ace Fighter, but you'll have even more fun if you gang up in two player mode where you'll be able to join forces with another player online. You'll even be able to compete with other pilots and see who gets the best score and the highest ranking.


Angry Birds: Ace Fighter is a off-the-walls, nonstop SHUMP. With its quaking visuals and delightful soundtrack, this game is going to get you hooked with a nearly endless supply of new birds to unlock, improvements for your plane, pets and tons more.


Requirements (Latest version)


More information


Angry Birds Wiki


Hello, and welcome to the Angry Birds Wiki! A place where you could find or share information about the Angry Birds and Bad Piggies series. Before editing, take note of the following:



  
You can go to our Community Portal to get a quick start about us and what you can do to help!

  
Please read our Rules and Edit Manual before you begin editing.

  
Please read our Forum guidelines before you begin posting.

  
Per our image policy, any non-official or non-Angry Birds/Bad Piggies images must be added to said user's profile page, or else they may be deleted. If you are the artist yourself, you must select the "I created this image myself" ( > template ) option when uploading.

  
Please make sure you do not post fanon material in our mainspace articles. For more info, go here.

  
Click here to create your userpage. Add some Userboxes to tell everyone about yourself!

  
Got any questions? Feel free to contact an administrator or a moderator for help.

  
Go to our "About" section on our home page to learn more about the wiki.




The Angry Birds Wiki is happy to welcome you to the community and happy editing!


Angry Birds Ace Fighter


This article or page contains information about something that does not work anymore or its main function does not work anymore without modifications. The reason is that the servers for the game have been shutdown.


Angry Birds Ace Fighter


Staff


Developer(s)


Publisher(s)


Overview


Release date(s)


July 27, 2016 - October 8, 2016 (OBT)


Latest version (version history)


Genre(s)


Rating


Platform(s)


Number of levels


Angry Birds Ace Fighter (formerly known as Angry Birds Sky Fighters) was a canceled (and now discontinued) flying "shoot-em-up" game, it was developed by Siamgame and published by Rovio Entertainment.


Contents


History


At the beginning of 2016, there was information that Rovio Entertainment and Siamgame Mobile were developing a game with Scrolling Shooter gameplay and Toons visuals (the subgenre Shoot 'em up, in a similar game of the series, Angry Birds Transformers).


On May 31, 2016, the game was released in China as a beta test. Two months later on July 27, 2016, Ace Fighter was released in East Asian countries as an open beta test, while the game added English support to the game.


Cancellation


On September 5, 2016, it was announced that the game would be officially canceled on October 8, 2016, due to the adjustment of product structure platform. It's also due to Rovio's contract with Siamgame was expired. [1] On September 6, 2016, the game was removed from the App Store and Google Play and recharge was turned off, making the game practically impossible to play without IAPs or hacking to get the VIP and recharge rewards. On October 10, 2016, the game servers were shut down, to never reopen.


If the player tries to play after the period, they are still able to download the game's data and get past into the tutorial screen. However, they will be unable to play the server and the offline status is shown.


This marked the first ever Angry Birds game to be canceled.


Gameplay


The game requires the player to control their plane by dragging on the screen. The main objective of this game is to defeat the enemy pigs to score points. Some enemies may drop special powerups when defeated. If the player has taken too much damage and deplete health points, the game is over.


There are 3 revival chances if the player is knocked out. It will cost 10 diamonds for the first revival and 20 for the second and 30 for the last revival. They will get a power-up, invincibility, and a random power-up.


On Battle Screen 



  
Your aircraft.

  
Angry Mode (tap to switch into an angry skill).

  
Super Skill Bomb (tap or double-tap anywhere to activate the super skill).

  
Boss Health Bar (Boss remaining HP).

  
Your health bar (Player's remaining HP).

  
Monster Enemies.

  
Left from pause button: Score.




Drop Items 



  
Gold: Increase, well, gold.

  
Score: Get bonus points.

  
Pet Orb: Trigger the skills of the pet.

  
Magnet: Bringing the nearby powerups to the player.

  
Shield: Protects the player from taking damage. Once the player is hit by one of the bullets, it will be vulnerable to attacks.

  
Power Up: Increases the fire-power rate.

  
Rampage: Invulnerable to damage, and the aircraft speed increases.

  
Bird Launcher Orb: Activate Bird Launcher.





  
The Angry Mode and Super Skill Bomb will clear the attacks of the enemies.

  
Both skills have cooldown times in between each use, so use them wisely.

  
In some special stages, for example, bullets avoid stage and attacking defense team stages, both skills cannot be used.

  
For the special skill bomb, it can hold up to 3 per battle stage.

  
One of the space stages have a black Power Up as this image is shown here:




Stats 


There are numerous stat symbols used for the Team, Birds, Aircraft, Guns, Pets, Gears, Bird Launchers, and Tech Research.


Main Menu 


There are 6 different menus at the bottom, mainly



  
Home: The main map area.

  
Team: The player may manage their birds, pets, and gears.

  
Stage: Campaign battle stages.

  
Challenge: Challenge players through ranked battle.

  
Activity: A list of tasks to be completed to get rewards.

  
Bag: An inventory for the items.




Items


Energy 


This shows the player's current energy level (which the max can be 999) and the player's intended max energy of 120. Energy can be gained via the following means:



  
Buying energy with diamonds (120 per purchase, also 1 stage skip item, max is 2 purchases at VIP0)

  
Leveling up (extra energy given depends on the player's current level)

  
Daily Gourmet (60 energy, obtained from 6:00 am to 12:00 pm, 12:00 pm to 6:00 pm and 6:00 pm to 12:00 am the following day)

  
Gifting to friends (4 energy)




The current energy can exceed the maximum amount. However, the energy stops recharging when it is more or equal to 120.


Description from the game: 
- You will need energy to clear stages. Remember to keep your energy above zero. 


Gold 


This is the game's basic currency. It is used to pay for basic stuff. Gold can be obtained by:



  
The gold mine (at least 4000 gold)

  
Completing stages

  
As Rewards

  
Decomposing gear




Description from the game: 
- The common currency of the world. 


Diamonds 


Diamonds are the game's premium currency. It can be obtained by doing the daily tasks or by paying a certain amount of real money (paying more real-life money will yield a larger diamond output). It will increase VIP points.


Description from the game: 
- Mysterious diamonds that can be used for buying precious things. 


As of September 6, 2016, recharging diamonds is no longer possible and unable to increase VIP Privileges.


For a list of VIP levels, see Angry Birds Ace Fighter/VIP. 


Pet Gems 


Pet Gems is the game's currency to buy pet's fragments, EXP potions, and crystals in birds' shop and gear in the trader. It can also be obtained by decomposing pets or pet's fragments.


Description from the game: 
- Obtained by decomposing pets, used for buying things in the Birds' Shop. 


Enhance Gems 


Enhance Gems is the game's currency to upgrade gear. It can be purchased in General Shop, obtained from Trial Tower or by decomposing gear.


Description from the game: 
- Enhance Gems can be used for enhancing gears. 


Other items 


(*) Note: Although this game added English support, the translation may not be correct. That's how their description is in the game. 


Crystals which can be used for upgrading birds and pets.


Exps can be used for improving levels.


This is kept in the pool and can be used for improving levels of pets.


A powerful bomb which could be used in battle.


This is used for an ordinary summon.


A testimony of friendship that can be used for summoning pets.


Silver Seed Chest harvested after planting silver seed.


Chest harvested after planting gold seed.


A seed jumps out from the chest.


You will gain rewards once the points of Activity reached to the specific numbers.


Use a Quick Combat Card to clear a stage immediately.


Feathers can be used for upgrading the Academy.


Materials needed for researching on aircrafts, guns, and bird launchers.


Materials needed for enchanting birds and pets.


This is used for refreshing the Birds' Shop and the Trader.


Combining 3 runes and a rune fusion gem creates a higher-grade rune.


A low level rune tablet needed for upgrading runes within lv1-lv3.


A mid level tune tablet needed for upgrading runes within lv4-lv6.


A high level tune tablet needed for upgrading runes within lv7-lv10.


This item is needed to open a rune slot.


Endless Phase 2 Ticket


Gives direct access to Endless League 2.


Endless Phase 3 Ticket


Gives direct access to Endless League 3.


Endless Phase 4 Ticket


Gives direct access to Endless League 4.


May drop if you defeat boss in Endless League on Bronze Rank.


Badges can be used for buying things in the Badge Shop.


Can unlock part of Boss and Arena Mob.


Duet with friends to get badges.


The reward received from this challenge can be used for purchasing items at the Tournament Shop.


This can be used for buying things in the Guild Shop.


This can be used for upgrading guild technology.


Open chest to get 3-star gear.


4-star Junior Pet Chest


Obtain a random 4-star pet.


5-star Junior Pet Chest


Obtain a random 5-star pet.


Gain a random 3-star rune from it.


Gain a random 4-star rune from it.


Gain a random 5-star rune from it.


Random 5-star Junior Aircraft Chest


Gain a random 5-star Aircraft from it.


Random 5-star Junior Gun Chest


Gain a random 5-star Gun from it.


Random 5-star Junior Bird Launcher Chest


Gain a random 5-star Bird Launcher from it.


The players who are VIP 0 will get a reward for free each day.


Runes and Pets Gem which are worth 280 diamonds.


Runes and Badges Gem which are worth 560 diamonds.


Runes and Guild Gem which are worth 840 diamonds.


Runes and Badges Gem which are worth 1120 diamonds.


The Super Gift Pack for Everyday Recharge


Be obtained every day if you pay any recharge. Be contained with 50 diamonds, an object chosen randomly from a 3-star aircraft, 100 crystals, and 100 Enhance Gems.


Characters


For the info on all the birds' stats, see Angry Birds Ace Fighter/Home/Birds. 


Playable characters 


(*) Note: Although this game added English support, the translation may not be correct. That's how their description is in the game. 
