Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Warning


Yes, you should already know that the mod is not mine, please do not report me, just to warn you, that I will give Fasguy credit for the original mod, this mod is not "pirated" or "illegal", I did asked him before about re-uploading here, I will update this mod when there is update Btw here's proof I did asked him before: (don't read caption, kinda gross ;) ) Here's Proof, now stfu Oh, and the most important: Just to clarify, this is not my mod, probably Fasguy will no longer update that mod menu, so don't ask suggestions


For everyone who was asking when bb+ mod menu will exist:


Credits


Want to report issues? Go there


Features



  
Make characters ignore you

  
Change the speed, size and visibility of characters

  
Enable, disable and clone characters

  
Edit your inventory and item values

  
Make characters ignore you

  
Character, notebook and Exit teleports

  
Infinite items

  
Scene manager

  
No clip

  
An answer to the impossible question




Requirements


Dependencies and prerequisites required to use this Game file


(The description of the requirements and features copied in GameBanana)


Contact


Fasguy Discord Server


If the link doesn't work, tell me, I'll update soon!


If you want older versions of the mod menu, go to mod menu vault in downloads session


You can check out my new game!


Baldi's Basics Plus 2D


Download


Install instructions


### WINDOWS ###:
Windows Video Tutorial:


INFO: If you want to use the mod, then you need to have the original game already installed.
1. Find your existing installation of the game.
2. Go to [Game Name]_Data → Managed
3. Extract the "Assembly-CSharp.dll" file into this Folder.
4. Replace the already existing file.
5. Start the game.
6. Press TAB in-game (to open the Mod Menu).


It's a .APK file, meaning it's like a .zip file that only androids accept, instructions below:
1. You download the apk, the download button will be below
2. After downloading, you extract or install the game (these apks come with the game)
3. After install you will open the game and have the normal android game
4. You start the game, and you will see that you have a black balloon that says "mod menu", you click on that balloon and the whole modification list will appear for you to play. To close the list, click on the black balloon again.
Extra Instructions: You can move that black balloon by simply clicking and dragging to any corner of the screen.
Notice to android users: Both apks have already seen the android game along with the mod menu.


If you find bugs in the mod menu, say here, I'll talk to his creator your bugs.


Development log


Baldi’s Basics Classic Online


Baldi’s Basics Classic online is a game inspired by a creepy and badly made educational game from the 90s.


The goal of the game is to collect seven notebooks, and then escape the school, but that’s easier said than done! You’ll need to learn all the ins-and-outs of the game to come up with a winning strategy and avoid being caught by Baldi. Learning how to use Baldi’s friends to your advantage, wisely managing the items found throughout the school, and memorizing the layout of Baldi’s school are all keys to success!


Game Modes:


– Story mode will ask you to find 7 notebooks and then run away from school. Over time Baldi will speed up, but each time you solve a problem he will slow down. Keep its speed as slow as possible to collect all the notebooks.


– Endless mode is a challenge that ask you to find as many notebooks as possible without getting caught by Baldi. Solve the problems to keep Baldi’s speed at its lowest and thus get more notebooks.


As always, good luck and Have Fun!
