Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Mods


You can filter your search by including or excluding tags. To add tags, simply start typing the tag you're after. Separate new tags with spaces.


This program will manage all of your BTD6 mods! You can switch between them with ease and launch as many as you want!


This program will manage all of your BTD6 mods! You can switch between them with ease and launch as many as you want!


This mod changes your monkey money to 999999999 which is basically infinite.


This mod changes your monkey money to 999999999 which is basically infinite.


This mod removes the limit on 5th tiers, so you can place as many as you want!


This mod removes the limit on 5th tiers, so you can place as many as you want!


This mod changes your monkey knowledge to 999999999 which is basically infinite.


This mod changes your monkey knowledge to 999999999 which is basically infinite.


A lightweight and reliable api for BTD6. It's built for simplicity and consistency so you can have peace of mind that your mods will always work. That means no more unexpected changes and broken mods. Mainly intended to be used as a backend for my personal mods but anyone is welcome to use it


A lightweight and reliable api for BTD6. It's built for simplicity and consistency so you can have peace of mind that your mods will always work. That means no more unexpected changes and broken mods. Mainly intended to be used as a backend for my personal mods but anyone is welcome to use it


This is a simple mod that gives all towers infinite range and makes them hypersonic


This is a simple mod that gives all towers infinite range and makes them hypersonic


This mod will unlock all the trophy store items.


This mod will unlock all the trophy store items.


This mod makes all powers free!


This mod makes all powers free!


Allows you to change the Cash-multiplier mid-game, it multiplies all sources but Coop-Cash-Transfer and selling towers. Hotkey: LeftShift + F10


Allows you to change the Cash-multiplier mid-game, it multiplies all sources but Coop-Cash-Transfer and selling towers. Hotkey: LeftShift + F10


Downloads and Installation


If run into any issues while installing, then check the troubleshooting section down below.


IMPORTANT: Mods that were last updated before december 26th 2022 NO LONGER WORK (because of some melonloader changes made around that time). Also, to use Melonloader you now need to download and install .NET 6.0. If you don’t have it, you will get an error when launching the game. And Windows 7 is no longer supported.


Open the Melonloader zip you just downloaded, then select all of the files in the zip and copy them


Navigate to the BTD6 directory, which by default is located at: C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\BloonsTD6


Paste the files from the zip into the BTD6 directory


Now launch the game to generate the “Mods” folder. If you get the MSVCP140.dll was not found error, or the game doesn’t launch at all then install visual c++ and then restart your pc.


Put Btd6ModHelper.dll in the “Mods” folder


If all goes well, the Mods directory should look like this:


IMPORTANT: Btd6ModHelper.dll needs to be in the Mods directory at all times. If you don’t have the mod helper, the game will not save progress and most mods will not work.


If you are using the Epic Games version of the game, then you will also need to follow this tutorial to make melonloader work.


To create your own mods, watch this video and check out the tips down below.


How to uninstall Melonloader


delete the melonloader, mods, plugins, userdata, userlibs folders as well as dobby.dll, notice.txt and version.dll


Common Mods


Fire Rate Changer (custom speed hypersonic, press F9 to use)


Speedhack (use keys 6,7,8,9 to change the speed)


Obtaining Mods


The mod helper adds a new button to the bottom right of the main menu which allows you to access the mod browser, where you can find a bunch of mods as well as mod repositories.


You can also get mods from these discord servers:


1330 Studios : Most public mods are here too. Tewtiy also gets his mods from here (note that some of them aren’t public, especially older ones)


Avoid using Nexus mods as the vast majority of them are outdated/stolen.


To download mods from github, try to find a dll file and download it. If there is no dll file, then check if there are any releases


To disable some mods, you can manually move the files to another directory.


Hacker pool


By default the game doesn’t let you access public coop, races, collection events, the trophy store and odyssey if you are using mods (to prevent cheating). Using mods that give your account an advantage such as infinite money/xp/trophies/knowledge mods will get your account flagged. To protect your account, setup a Windows virtual machine and use a second Steam account to play mods (can also be done without a virtual machine but it’s pretty annoying to switch between accounts). If you are flagged, you will have 2 leaves above your settings icon and you will no longer be able to play public coop games, play contested territory or submit race times. Using the speedhack in singleplayer is usually fine, unless you abuse it to grind monkey money faster and then get a top 50 time in a race. Using mods in private coop is risky, it is best to use an account that you don’t care about and also make sure that every player is using the same mods with the same configurations. If you do get flagged, you will still be able to play private coop.


Troubleshooting


The console or a popup window says “il2cpp_init detour failed”


A popup window says “failed to initialize: failed to find bootstrap”


You didn’t uninstall melonloader correctly. you need to delete the melonloader, mods, plugins, userdata, userlibs folders as well as dobby.dll, notice.txt and version.dll


A popup window says “failed to initialize: failed to load library”


Rename your btd6 folder to “BloonsTD6”. If that doesn’t work, change the language of Windows to english. If that still doesn’t work, reinstall the game with your antivirus turned off. It’s not entirely clear what causes this error.


The console says “Could not load file or assembly …”


Reinstall Melonloader with your antivirus turned off


The game is not saving


If you are trying to uninstall, read the section above


The game crashes while loading mods


-Make sure you are not using any mods that were last updated before december 26th 2022


-If that doesn’t solve it, navigate to the Melonloader folder and check the “latest.log” file. if it doesn’t contain any errors then check the console errors and see if you can figure it out yourself. if not, join one of the discord servers linked above and post the log file or a screenshot of the console in the help channel.


The mods are in the Mods folder but they don’t work


Make sure you are using the latest version of the mod helper (check the link above). Make sure your mods are in the dll format directly inside of the “Mods” folder. They should not be in a zip. Game updates sometimes break mods and not all mod developers update their mods. Avoid using nexus mods as the vast majority of them are outdated/low quality/stolen. If you still have problems, join one of the 2 discord servers above and then send the latest.log located in the Melonloader folder in the help channel.


The game does not open at all, or gives an MSVCP140.dll was not found error


How to make mods


Prerequisites



  
Visual Studio (not Visual Studio code)

  
Some basic knowledge of c#, though if you already know Java, it is close enough




getting started


Read this. The mod helper wiki also has a bunch of useful info about the game’s structure.


Tips


A lot of mods are open source, their code can give you an idea on how to do things.


Most mods use something known as harmony patches. The can be used to run code both before and after the game’s functions are called, and can also be used to modify/read parameters and return values.


UnityExplorer mod makes it possible to view the unity scene.


If you want to import your own 3D models into the game, you will need to create an asset bundle using the unity version the game uses, check your melonloader log or console to see this, then use


AssetBundle.LoadFromMemory(File.ReadAllBytes(@"bundle")) 


Editing the gamemodel


The gamemodel defines everything from towers to bloons to difficulties.


For a better overview of how it works here is the whole thing converted to JSON (without towers)


Here is the JSON for each individual tower


You can also get newer json files by going into the in-game mod helper settings, there should be an option to dump the gamemodel there.


If you want to create a custom tower you can use this as a template. Creating custom towers mostly involves copying existing behaviors and pasting them together. Use the JSON above to see how towers are defined. Use this video as a guide.


If you want to modify existing towers you can use this as a template.


[How to install mods on Linux]


Install MelonLoader with this guide. Make sure you put Mod Helper in the Mods folder.


Credits


If you want to change something here, contact hemidemisemipresent#0301 / Timotheeee1#1337 / Silentstorm#5336 on discord or create a fork and make a pull request on the github repo
