Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Baseball 9 guide: tips, cheats & strategies


This Baseball 9 guide teaches you the basics “how to play Baseball 9”, about pitching, striking, stealing, and other things such as getting freebies, running, and much more. So, let’s get straight to the Baseball 9 guide and tips: –


Getting Started With The Baseball 9 Basics


Using recruitment tickets, you can buy a player. You can only upgrade recruited players. Others cannot be upgraded. And with the downgraded players, you can not win against a powerful team. Why? Because their attributes like speed, power, fielding, and other attributes are non-upgradable. But you can upgrade the recruited players and increase the chances of getting victories in league matches.


That’s why recruitment is one of the important jobs in the Baseball 9 game. You can recruit a player using recruitment tickets. And one recruitment costs you 150 gems. Gems can be obtained for free by watching a video ad or complete the missions & achievements. But keep in mind that if you play wisely, you can easily defeat the powerful team even if you have low-quality players.


Guide To Pitching In Baseball Nine


In Baseball 9, pitching should be aggressive. You should not give the opposing player any chance to hit the ball. To pitch the ball, you just have to tap on the pitch button.


But, before you tap the pitch button, you can choose a type;


Tap on the reload button on the left side to select one of these strikes.


Once done, tap on the pitch button. After you tap the pitch button, you can change the direction or swing the ball; the reload button at the left will change into a controller(hold down and; up, left, right, and down).


Make sure to pitch the ball within the circle or square. Pitching outside the strike zone = foul ball. It would be a great idea to pitch the ball outside the strike zone at least one time; to avoid getting hit. Because sometimes the player swings the bat even on these balls.


Stopping the Stealers


If one of the opponents is one of the bases; he may try to steal the ball. You will see the (i) warning icon on the base number before you pitch the ball. Tap it to avoid base stealing.


So, this is the basic Baseball 9 guide – Pitching guide/controls. Now, let’s start the batting guide.


Guide To Batting In Baseball 9


Well, batting is not an easy job in Baseball 9; and hitting a home run is a little bit difficult. To hit the ball, you just have to tap the ready button, at the right side of the screen. But timing is very important to make a decent contact between bat-and-ball.


But, before you tap the ready button, you can select the shot type: –



  
Contact – Hit the ball with average power if gets contacted

  
Power – Hit the ball with full power if gets contacted

  
L-Bunt – Hold the bat loosely and hit the ball(low strength, left side)

  
R-Bunt – Hold the bat loosely and hit the ball(low strength, right side)




To choose one of these shots, just tap the reload button on the left side.


Once done, it’s time to swing the bat. Use the navigation keys at the left side to follow the ball(take a look at the below picture, there is a ball mark inside the circle), tap the swing button when the actual ball enters the circle part. Here’s: –


To hit the ball hard, the timing of the shot really matters. For instance; if you tap the swing button just before the ball enters the circle; then the player will hit the ball hard.


Steal The Base – Base Running


Tap the run icon to instruct the team player to run to the next base in any situation. It might be dangerous or useful; depends on the situation.


Guide To Fielding In Baseball 9


Fielding should be tight. The fielders pick and throw the ball automatically. You can manually tap the base where you want to throw the ball.


After Hitting The Ball


If you hit the ball, all the players will run towards the next base. You can stop them by tapping on the navigation keys or by selecting a particular base(just tap that base).


Get Free Gems, Recruitment Tickets


There are a number of ways to get free gems and recruitment tickets in Baseball 9 game;



  
On the main screen -> tap the free gems option -> watch the video ad and get free gems

  
Go to the missions tab -> complete missions

  
Head to the achievements tab -> complete achievements

  
Try sponsored offers -> free gems section -> more gems -> download an app or game and get free gems




Don’t Waste The Coins


You will be rewarded with coins once you get the victory in a league match. Don’t waste these gems in gears. Save coins and increase the tier of recruited players. Go to the upgrade tab -> tap on the recruited player -> tap the + icon next to tier and promote your player to the higher tier. That player will get bonus OVR. From a one-star player to a two-stars player.


Upgrade The Player


Go to the upgrade tab -> select the recruited player -> upgrade its attributes using attribute points(AP-win the matches, level-up to get AP).


Raise the maximum level using coins(tap the + icon next to MAX level). Reach the level 10 and unlock skills. It costs you skill points. Level-up and obtain skill points.


Batting Tips For Newbies


Read the batting guide for more info. Here are some tips: –



  
It would be better to choose contact shot

  
Swing the bat at the right time

  
Leave the ball or don’t swing the bat if the ball is pitching outside the strike zone

  
Go to the home screen of the game -> settings -> practice – batting.




Pitching Tips For Newbies


Read the pitching guide for more info. Here are some pitching tips: –



  
Try pitching outside the strike zone(at least one time)

  
Choose fastball, slider

  
Navigate or swing the ball using navigation keys

  
Pitch at the corners




So, these are some basic Baseball 9 tips, cheats & a guide for the beginners.


Do you love playing mobile games? Subscribe to our YouTube Channel – Gaming Soul for new mobile game videos. For More Updates, Game News, Game Guides, New Game Releases, And ALERTS – Like Us On Facebook – Gaming Soul, Follow Us On Twitter – Gaming Soul. Check Out – Best mobile games. Do you have any suggestions? Submit Here


Baseball 9 Cheats 2022 – MOD APK (Unlimited Diamonds) Hack For iOS & Android


If you want to become a successful baseball player then you can’t miss this Baseball Nine Hack. In this post, we provide Baseball 9 cheats 2022 that will get you a mod apk for the game. If you are already a Baseball Nine player you know that you can make in-game purchases to speed it up. Don’t spend your real money to achieve that, but simply use Baseball 9 gem generator that we created to make Baseball 9 free gems.


This guide will help you get Baseball 9 unlimited money in 2 easy steps. Follow my instructions carefully and you will be able to finish the whole process in less than 2 minutes. Meanwhile, check how we helped players of Klondike Adventures get unlimited energy. 


How To Get Free Gems In Baseball 9? – Best Hack Ever!


In order to get free gems, you will be using our Baseball 9 hack generator. This hack gem tool is 100% safe and free to use. It has been fully checked and I can assure you there are no bugs. Before I give you Baseball 9 mod apk there are a few things I’d like to discuss:



  
The first thing you should know is that you can use this Baseball 9 hack apk on any device you want. It’s available for iOS and Android but you also may use a PC. However, I’ve found that you have the best chance to get cheats while using a smartphone.

  
Then, there is no limit on how many times you can use cheats for Baseball 9. Take them as many times as you want. There is no limit. However, keep in mind that we may give an advantage to the players who haven’t used these Baseball 9 hacks in a while.

  
Finally, use Baseball 9 cheats 2022 to unlock in-game stuff without having to pay with real money.




Ok, guys, that’s all I’ve had to say before giving you access to Baseball 9 hack generator. Now let’s move on so you can take your Baseball 9 mod apk unlimited all.


Baseball 9 Gem Generator


Using our Baseball 9 gem generator will get you access to an infinite supply of gems. There is no risk in using this hack gem tool because it is completely free and safe to use.To access it, click on the following button:


Ok once you’re in, you will see a field where you have to put your current game username. Select the platform you’re playing on, as well as the number of Baseball 9 cheat codes you’d like to use. It basically comes down to how many Baseball nine mod apk you will get. It will take a few seconds for the generator to begin boosting your account with free gems.


However, one more step must be taken before you get Baseball 9 free gems. Verifying one’s identity using a short questionnaire. Just to be sure you’re not a robot, please respond to a few simple questions. We need to verify that you are a human being in order to protect our systems from frauds and bots.


Now go back to the game and reload it. You will see your account filling with Baseball 9 unlimited coins and gems.


Game Review


If you’ve always wanted to lead your team to triumph and become a baseball legend, then you should start playing this game. You’ll face off against the world’s best baseball clubs in Baseball 9’s spectacular league competition. The winning team is the one that has the most points at the end of the season’s matches. By winning the league, you’ll be able to accumulate a variety of trophies, awards, and other useful items.


Managing your team begins once your club is up and running. As a player, you have complete control over your team in the game, which allows you to modify lineups, select the order of the hitters and pitchers, recruit new players, and more. You can also support your players by training them and providing them with protective gear like gloves, cleats, protectors, and eyewear.


You are free to participate in as many games as you like per day. However, if you want to speed ut the game and unlock more stuff the game asks you to pay for that. To avoid spending your own money, use our Baseball nine hack to get free gems Baseball 9.


Baseball 9 Graphics


The graphics in Baseball 9 are some of the most impressive ever seen in the series. You will have the opportunity to take pleasure in breathtaking character details, as well as gorgeous stadiums, real-life game physics, and gigantic audiences roaring for you. The fact that the game features genuine sound effects and music in the background also makes it a lot more entertaining and fun to play.


The aesthetics of the game may give the impression that the game won’t be all that realistic, but the gameplay is actually highly complex and demands a significant amount of ability to complete. The fact that the majority of the game focuses on pitching and hitting while the fielding is largely done automatically is one of the best features.


However, you are still responsible for deciding which bases the ball will be thrown to. This strategy appeals to me because the game is still playable on mobile devices, and let’s face it: pitching and hitting are the most thrilling aspects of baseball. I have to say that the game does a pretty good job of recreating those aspects.


That’s all for now guys. I hope you’ve enjoyed this tutorial and that it helped you learn some hacks and save money. If you are also a golf fan, check how can you get Ultimate Golf Game Cheats
