Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Play Battlelands Royale on PC


So what if it’s you against the world? Is that any reason to not have fun in your battle royale experiences? Play Battlelands Royale on PC and Mac and take your battle royale game to the next level with quirky art styles, entertaining graphics, and intense PvP action.


Choose your drop zone and hit the ground running as you search for the weapons and gear you will need to defeat dozens of other real-world players. A huge map with awesome locales like the Hideout, Ship, and Maze. Watch out for the storm as you race for supply drops in the hopes of scoring a massive loot drop.


This is battle royale done right. This is Battlelands Royale.


Game Features


Game controls


Enhancements


Shooting Mode


Boom, headshot. With BlueStacks Shooting Mode, experience PC-like gameplay when playing Battlelands Royale. Press F1 to aim and shoot with mouse.


High FPS


Enable the highest possible frame rate in Battlelands Royale for a seamless gaming experience. Get smoother graphics and better reaction time.


Script


Play Battlelands Royale with the innovative Script feature. Create and run a script to fully automize a sequence of actions. Assign it a key to execute in one go.


Free Look


Turn and shoot in milliseconds. With Freelook, BlueStacks has always got your back. Rule Battlelands Royale and get more kills.


Macros


Multi Instance


Multi Instance Sync


Eco Mode


How to Download and Play Battlelands Royale on PC



  
Download and install BlueStacks on your PC

  
Complete Google sign-in to access the Play Store, or do it later

  
Look for Battlelands Royale in the search bar at the top right corner

  
Click to install Battlelands Royale from the search results

  
Complete Google sign-in (if you skipped step 2) to install Battlelands Royale

  
Click the Battlelands Royale icon on the home screen to start playing




Play Battlelands Royale on PC and Mac with the free BlueStacks 4 player and you will experience a gaming environment unlike anything you have ever experienced before. Not only will you be able to play ever Android game or app right on your computer, but you will have access t a number of features and benefits that are only available to BlueStacks gamers. Use the extensive key mapping feature to set up your mouse and keyboard controls just as you like them, or set up your favorite controller to take on the world at large. When you play Battlelands Royale with BlueStacks, you’re taking your gaming a new level with super-fast gameplay thanks to the BlueStacks gaming engine and the always steady internet connection of your home network and computer.


Minimum System Requirements


With BlueStacks 5, you can get started on a PC that fulfills the following requirements.


Battlelands: ww2 simulator 12+


Fight upon the Battlelands together with your Blue allies! , FPS War Singleplayer Shooter Action Military games! Ravage Through the Battlefield!


Battlelands is a fun and free single-player Battlefield-style shooter, it's a fast-paced and somewhat grisly FPS well worth your time. With a wide variety of gameplay options, intuitive commands, great enemy AI and well-crafted pacing, Battlelands is regarded today with overwhelmingly positive sentiment.


If you like the epic large-scale battles of Battlefield or similar games but don’t like the multiplayer aspect, then I would highly recommend picking up Battlelands. If you ever feel the need to relax and play a low-stress shooter, this game is right for you.


Features:
- 30+ classic weapons (rifles, machine guns, shotguns, sniper, flame guns, RPG, howitzers, etc.)
- 10+ special props (incendiary bombs, remote bombs, crossbows, shields, night vision, tracking missiles, etc.)
- 10+ large vehicles (attack helicopters, aircraft carrier fighters, armored vehicles, tanks, jeeps, quad bikes, etc.)
- 20+ classic battles (Sinai Desert, Normandy Landing, Alamein Battle, Wake Island, Daqing Oilfield, etc.)
- 10+ arms skins (rain forest, snow, desert, mountain, desert, navy, special police, etc.)
- 4 game modes (capture the flag, deathmatch, lone wolf, custom mode)
- A variety of custom play methods (assault mode, night mode, reverse mode)
- Real ballistic trajectory, pure physical simulation system, rich explosion special effects
