Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Battlefield Mobile Canceled To Better Deliver On "Vision" For The Franchise


Battlefield Mobile, a free-to-play mobile version of EA and DICE's multiplayer shooter, is no more. The game ran beta tests in select territories back in November 2022 but will now cease development.


The news comes as part of EA's Q3 2023 financial results, where it was also announced that Apex Legends Mobile has been canceled and Star Wars: Jedi Survivor has been delayed. Much like Apex Legends Mobile, Battlefield Mobile was planned to operate separately with no cross-play or cross-progression between it and its PC and console counterparts, and would feature its own unique cosmetics, battle pass seasons, and rewards.


Want us to remember this setting for all your devices?


Please enter your date of birth to view this video


By clicking 'enter', you agree to GameSpot's 
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy


Now Playing: Battlefield 2042 Are FINALLY Bringing Classes Back! | GameSpot News


"As the industry has evolved and our strategy to create a deeply connected Battlefield ecosystem has taken shape, we decided to pivot from the current direction to best deliver on our vision for the franchise and meet the expectations of players," a statement on EA's website reads. "We remain highly committed to unlocking Battlefield's enormous potential. We're hard at work evolving Battlefield 2042 and are in pre-production on our future Battlefield experiences across the globe.


It's currently unclear what Battlefield Mobile's cancellation means for developer Industrial Toys, which led development on the project. EA acquired the studio in 2018.


EA makes clear it still has big plans for Battlefield. The publisher announced in 2021 that it had plans for a "connected Battlefield universe" that would include multiple interconnected games, including a single-player campaign focused entry from a new studio formed by Halo co-creator Marcus Letho. EA also announced that Vince Zampella, co-founder of Respawn Entertainment, would oversee the franchise moving forward.


The most recent entry in the series, Battlefield 2042, launched in November 2021 to a harsh reception from critics and players. Developer DICE has spent much of the last year working to improve on Battlefield 2042, reworking many of the game's maps and even going so far to reintroduce Battlefield's classic class system back into the shooter.


iOS to get Battlefield mobile in 2022


Electronic Arts has recently announced that its new Battlefield mobile game is coming to iPhone next year.


Battlefield is a first person shooting game and a franchise title for EA. Being that mobile has exploded in popularity the company is looking to get a share by porting their console-only game to the iPhone.


EA says that Battlefield Mobile will be a standalone game and specially designed for the platform. It will be built by Industrial Toys from the ground up and will feature a skill-based experience.


Despite announcing the general date on when the game will be released EA has not delved into specifics as of the moment. We can expect more details as the date gets nearer.


Apple has recently touted the iPhone A14 processor’s capability, saying how it could compete with the latest Android phones. The Cupertino-based company also mentioned that their device can run console-quality games without a problem.


Samantha is a senior news editor at iLounge. She has been covering the technology industry for over five years, writing about Apple, Google, and other major companies. Samantha has also worked as a reporter and editor for several other publications.
