Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



FearLess Cheat Engine


Update1 
- added 4 scripts: insane firing speed, 100% accuracy, 100% pierce chance, and 100% interrupt chance 
- added more pointers (highlighted item in the inventory).


/// 
 options : 
 [misc.] scripts: 
undead 
- health still drop until it reaches the min health specified when being hit and player won't die. 
- min health can be changed by editing the entry. 
- min health default: 1 
- default min health can be changed by editing the script, line 3.


instant skill cooldown 
- as title says.


 [current weapon] scripts: 
ignore ammo clip 
- you can fire the weapon even if you have no clip left. i.e., no reload.


insane firing speed 
- won't actually alter the weapon stats, thus the weapon behaviour would revert back to normal when you de-activate the script.


100% accuracy 
- won't actually alter the weapon stats, thus the weapon behaviour would revert back to normal when you de-activate the script.


100% pierce chance 
- won't actually alter the weapon stats, thus the weapon behaviour would revert back to normal when you de-activate the script.


100% interrupt chance 
- won't actually alter the weapon stats, thus the weapon behaviour would revert back to normal when you de-activate the script.


plus many pointers: 
- for the [HighlightedItemData] pointers, enter your inventory, move your mouse ON the item you want to edit, then alt-tab back to CE.


/// 
 notes : 
- table utilize CE's mono function (+aobscan for undead, and some of the [current weapon] scripts), scripts can be activated once the game is booted. 
- CE 6.6 or above is required.


THE BEST BLACK DESERT ONLINE BOT FOR PC


Download our Black Desert Online Bot that can do everything you hate in-game. This bot can handle your looting, fishing, PvP Battles, gold mining, auto-sell in Central Market and much much more.


The BDO Bot is fully undetected from XingCode so you’ll stay safe from the ol’ ban hammer.


The BDO bot works on any Windows device.


You just have to love naver bot. I can automate pretty much any PC or mobile game I want, with one software. 10/10!


Now this is how you create a game bot. It can do anything you need on full auto-pilot.


I've used Naver for over a year now and it's smooth as clockwork. No issues or crashes ever. Great bot!


Bot Features


Naver Bot is a fully customizable macro bot that can help automate almost anything you want in Black Desert Online.


XINGCODE UNDETECTION


Designed from the bottom up in order to prevent Game Shield or Another Player detection.


MARKETPLACE SNIPER


You can create a macro that searches for and automatically buys anything you want from the marketplace.


Now you can get pearl items, weapons, boss gear while you sleep.


HORSE SNIPER


Now you can get high tier T5-T8 horse include Courser (Gold).


AUTO-PROCESSING


Automatic processing up to 10 Products, while material not ran out.


LOOT


Adjustment of collecting all loot from ALL Loot Window Slots.


CRAZY PROFITS


Your bot can farm millions of silver if properly configured!


GRIND/GATHER/TRAIN


Bot can help in Grind, Gathering, Desert, Train


NEVER HUNGRY


Automatic use of Food, Bait, Pet Feed.


AUTO SELL


Bot can go to Sell fish, Repair rods, Place relic shard to Marketplace.


EASY SETUP


Completely customize the bot in just a few minutes!


MULTI-SERVER


We support all server regions: Europe, Japan, Korea, North America, SEA, South America, Steam version, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey and USA.


How Do I Use The Naver Black Desert Online Macro Bot?


The BDO bot is very easy to use. Simply start the game, then run the bot. Create your macro configurations, or load a previously saved config. The toggle button can be easily changed to whatever works best for you.


Enable/disable any of your triggers or actions whenever you need.


How Does A Black Desert Online Bot/Script Work?


Our Black Desert Online Bot allows you to create custom macros to emulate real keyboard and mouse events in game. This way you can automate nearly any task, without risking a ban.


BDO Bot and Script Downloads


Most bots are using scripted routes in order to minimize the chance of getting reported or banned. Bot scripts can literally be coded to do anything you want as long as it doesn’t require complicated movements or thinking.


Think of Black Desert Online bots as someone who can work 24/7, but has an IQ of 20. The bot can open doors and walk, basic stuff like that.


Is The Black Desert Online Bot Safe?


Yes, but you need to bypass XIGNCODE, BDO’s anti-bot/cheat software. There is more information about each bot on their individual pages.


XIGNCODE Bypass


Since the Naver Black Desert Online macro bot simply emulates real keyboard and mouse events, you don’t need to worry about bypassing XIGNCODE. The bot does not interact with, change or read any game variables, so it is very hard to detect.


What’s Black Desert Online?


Black Desert Online is a MMORPG sandbox game made by video game developer Pearl Abyss. Experience fast-paced, action-packed combat, hunt monsters and huge bosses, fight with friends in a guild to siege nodes and region castles, train your life skills such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, and much more!


The action filled combat in BDO requires manual aiming like in other third-person games like GTA V. Skills can be activated through use of combos for attacking, dodging or blocking. The game offers housing, fishing, farming, and trading, as well as large PvP fights and castle battles.


The game includes a number of features to assist with immersion and the sandbox aspect. These include: A dynamic, worldwide weather system which will include large scale events such as typhoons and will influence gameplay.


Localized weather will include events such as temporary fog which players may exploit to launch surprise attacks on rival guild structures.


Download your BDO bot now!
