Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



The Best Pirate Games: Best On The High Seas


Arr me hearties! You'll find the best pirate-themed games on the high seas that have released over the years.



  
#23 Pillars of Eternity II: Deadfire

  
#22 Assassin's Creed Rogue

  
#21 The Pirate: Caribbean Hunt

  
#20 Walkabout Mini Golf VR

  
#19 Blazing Sails

  
#18 Pirates, Vikings, and Knights II

  
#17 Rebel Galaxy

  
#16 Risen 3: Titan Lords

  
#15 Furious Seas

  
#14 One Piece Pirate Warriors 3

  
#13 Atlas

  
#12 Risen 2: Dark Waters

  
#11 Assassin’s Creed Pirates

  
#10 Salt 2: Shores of Gold

  
#9 Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning - The Legend of Dead Kel

  
#8 Assassin’s Creed 4: Black Flag

  
#7 Windward

  
#6 Sid Meier’s Pirates!

  
#5 Monkey Island Series

  
#4 Sea of Thieves

  
#3 Lego Pirates of the Caribbean

  
#2 Blackwake

  
#1 The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker




The Golden Age of Pirates has inspired many a story, song, and film, and video games are no exception to its inspirational qualities. It was an age where piracy upon the sea was rife, and where traveling from point A to point B was a peril-filled adventure. The world was a pretty unsafe place back in the day, and to top it off, it was filled with real-world characters like Black Beard.


Needless to say, the Golden Age of Pirates has become something of an anchor for video games, competing as a strong genre among the likes of zombies, aliens, and robots.


In this list, we take a look at some of the best and most well-received (by the public, and by yours truly) pirate-themed games of all time. Please note that these games are not listed in any particular order.


#23 Pillars of Eternity II: Deadfire



  
Developers: Obsidian Entertainment, Red Cerberus

  
Publishers: Obsidian Entertainment, Versus Evil, THQ Nordic

  
Platforms: PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Microsoft Windows, macOS, Nintendo Switch




The original Pillars of Eternity game was hailed as one of the best games around at the time, so now imagine what they would do with their sequel? Oh wait, you don’t have to imagine! Because Pillars of Eternity II: Deadfire is out on many different systems for you to enjoy. In this equally beloved sequel you’ll command a ship and sail out across a mighty archipelago in order to chase down a rogue god.


But like with the first game, how you do things…is up to you. You have complete and utter freedom and you’ll get to use that to build up your character, go on the adventures you want, and battle how you feel best.


The Deadfire awaits you, where will you go in it?


#22 Assassin’s Creed Rogue



  
Developer: Ubisof

  
Publisher: Ubisoft

  
Platforms: PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Microsoft Windows




The Assassin’s Creed franchise is easily one of the longest-running modern franchises out there, and there are more games to come. For many of the early titles, things followed a similar pattern. But then, Assassin’s Creed Rogue came around and decided to shake things up again.


You play as Shay Patrick Cormac, a man who is a part of the Assassin’s Brotherhood during the 1800s in America. You are one with your brothers…or so you thought. Because when a mission goes wrong and you are betrayed, you cast down your assassins’ robes and become a hunter of them instead. You’ll fight to get your own kind of justice and fulfill your own creed, no matter the cost.


The game blends the tried and true Assassin’s Creed gameplay with a new dark story and DLC for you to enjoy. So try it out and go down a darker path.


#21 The Pirate: Caribbean Hunt



  
Developer: Home Net Games

  
Publisher: Home Net Games

  
Platforms: Android, iOS, Microsoft Windows, Linux, Classic Mac OS




The Pirate: Caribbean Hunt is a game that aims to not just give you freedom to be a pirate, but to enjoy life as a pirate during the true “Age of Piracy” in the Caribbean. As a new captain, you’ll get your own ship and travel across the waters to sail to new islands, battle foes, build up your own fleet and more The game is not only free to play, but you’ll be playing it against other players who absolutely want to get their own piece of the prize themselves. You’ll need to upgrade yourself with special skills and build up a vast fleet in order to take on all comers. With truly open naval combat you’ll have a lot to think about, but if you can be the best pirate captain…it shouldn’t be that hard for you, right?


#20 Walkabout Mini Golf VR


Yes, this is a little different from the games we’ve already discussed, but there is a purpose, we promise. Walkabout Mini Golf VR is a VR title that’ll put you on the course of many different golf outings. Many of which are on islands…that have pirate ships! See? Told you it would connect. The course are vast, and each 18-hole golf course will have you testing yourself in various ways in order to get the best score possible. And because it’s in VR, you’ll be the one truly put to the test here. So mind your swing.


It’s not just the course that are fun, there are other features out in the game’s world like multiplayer, and being able to do “Night Mode” to have a very different run on the course.


#19 Blazing Sails



  
Developer: Get Up Games

  
Publisher: Iceberg Interactive

  
Platform: Microsoft Windows




If you’re looking for another title that you can have true pirate fun in and yet also show your dominance over other players, then you’ll definitely want to try out Blazing Sails. This Early Access Game on Steam puts you on a pirate ship and has you facing off against other players in various game modes, many of which are battle royale style. Only the best ship can win, so you better make sure it’s you!


You’ll be able to pick out a variety of ships, weapons and more for you to wield and enjoy. So try out what works for you, see what doesn’t, and then build your strategy as you take to the high seas in order to show who the real king of pirates is.


#18 Pirates, Vikings, and Knights II



  
Developers: Octoshark Studios, Valve Corporation

  
Publisher: Octoshark Studios

  
Platforms: Microsoft Windows, Linux, macOS




Usually, we’d say something like, “that’s an odd title”, but in truth, there are weirder. Pirates, Vikings, and Knights II is a title that blends these three very different classes of warriors together into a 3-team battle extravaganza where only the best squad can win.


Each of the warrior races, Pirates, Vikings, and Knights, have up to 11 different classes of fighter for you to choose from, so pick the one that best suits you and then go to war!


The levels are deep and touch upon many walks of life, there are also a variety of game modes to do, and with it being 100% free…you really don’t have a lot to worry about if you don’t like it, right? So pick the warrior clan tailor made for you and have at it!


#17 Rebel Galaxy



  
Developer: Double Damage Games

  
Publisher: Double Damage Games

  
Platform: Windows




Oh look, space pirates! Nothing could possibly go wrong there, right…? Rebel Galaxy puts you in command of a star destroyer (no relation to Star Wars, promise!), and sets you off on a journey to do…well…whatever you want.


The best part about Rebel Galaxy is that the universe is vast and you can do things however you please. Want to do things by the book? Go ahead. Want to be a pirate of “space cowboy” to see how things are on the “Dark Side’, by all means! Want to be a friend, or destroyer, of alien races, there are plenty to pick and choose from.


The better you do, the more you can do, and the bigger you can make your ship and potential fleet. Go explore the universe and see what awaits you.


#16 Risen 3: Titan Lords



  
Developer: Piranha Bytes

  
Publishers: THQ Nordic, Deep Silver

  
Platform: Microsoft Windows




Risen 3: Titan Lords puts you in a world that is ravaged. The gods are gone, the titans of old are roaming and destroying everything they want to and even you, the main character…are lost. More specifically, your life has been ruined and now you must go out across the land and try to get back what was taken from you.


Whether you save the world or not is up to you, as long as you get what you’ve come for, right? The game not only has a vast world for you to go and enjoy, but you’ll find that there are three very distinct story paths you can choose. Add to that, you’ll find enhanced combat, all sorts of exploration, guilds and factions to interact with, and more.


#15 Furious Seas


If you enjoy VR then you may want to look into Furious Seas. This is a pirate game based in VR with the use of either the Oculus Rift or HTC Vive. In this game, players take the role of a captain as they sail the open seas in search of loot and legacy. When you find rival ships coming in, you’ll have to command your crew to fight back or join in with manning a cannon to fire at your target. While this game features a single-player campaign, it’s worth mentioning that there is a multiplayer component as well.


However, because this game is in Early Access, the multiplayer component whether it’s as co-op or PvP is still a work in progress. With that said, we’re not sure just how long it will be before the game exits Early Access as the plan was originally to get the game out fully in 2019 according to the Early Access description supplied by the development studio, Future Immersive.


#14 One Piece Pirate Warriors 3



  
Developer: Omega Force

  
Publisher: Bandai Namco Entertainment

  
Platforms: PS3, PS4, PSV, PC, NS




One Piece Pirate Warriors 3 is the third game in the Koei Tecmo’s series of action games inspired by the pirate-themed anime series. You’ll experience the story of One Piece with its trademark hack & slash beat ’em up gameplay. Be sure to use a controller if you’re playing it on PC!


#13 Atlas



  
Developer: Grapeshot Games, Instinct Games

  
Publisher: Grapeshot Games

  
Platforms: PC

  
Release: December 22, 2018




Atlas is the latest MMO based on being a pirate. Players will join together in a massive world that is supposed to allow over 40,000 players to actively dwell within it. Now the game is currently in Early Access which means that we can expect certain aspects of the title to not work as intended. Overall, the game will allow players to create crews and grow a civilization all while exploring the open seas.


#12 Risen 2: Dark Waters



  
Developer: Piranha Bytes, Wizarbox

  
Publisher: Deep Silver

  
Platforms: PC, PS3, X360




Though the original Risen was a medieval fantasy game, Risen 2 is a swashbuckling-themed game that transfer classic Caribbean pirate themes into a fantasy world where ancient gods, voodoo magic and titans coexist. As an RPG, players take control of a main character to explore the world.


#11 Assassin’s Creed Pirates


A spin-off of the Assassin’s Creed 4: Black Flag game, Pirates is developed for smartphones and follows the pirate Alonzo Batilia in search of the treasure of the French pirate La Buse. The game focuses on naval combat and shares some strong similarities to Black Flag in terms of combat and gameplay.


#10 Salt 2: Shores of Gold


Most pirate titles focus on naval combat or trying to overcome other pirates to become the best among them. But with Salt 2: Shores of Gold, their focus is different. Instead, the game wants you to pick a direction and sail in it to your heart’s content. You’ll find islands to explore no matter what direction you go in. But each one will be different thanks to the procedurally-generated world you’re in. You’ll get the chance to explore caves, go on quests at your leisure, craft weapons, and armor, etc. This is all about your pirate adventure, so do with it what you want and become the pirate you wish to be!


#9 Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning – The Legend of Dead Kel



  
Developer: 38 Studios, Big Huge Games

  
Publisher: 38 Studios, Electronic Arts

  
Platforms: PC, PS3, X360




The Legend of Dead Kel is an expansion pack for the ill-fated, but nevertheless great RPG Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning. It adds a rather significant expansion onto the base game, providing a raft of new content in an island called Gallows End.


It’s full of undead pirates and even includes a new player housing called Gravehal Keep, featuring an estate with quest givers and perks.


#8 Assassin’s Creed 4: Black Flag


Taking place during the Golden Age of Pirates, Black Flag puts players in the role of one Edward Kenway, a buccaneer and pirate who finds himself embroiled in an ages-old conspiracy—a war between Templars and Assassins that’s raging on even to this day. Players fly the Jolly Roger upon their mast and undertake missions on both sea and land.


#7 Windward



  
Developer: Tasharen Entertainment

  
Publisher: Tasharen Entertainment

  
Platforms: PC, Mobile




If you enjoyed Sid Meier’s Pirates but hated all of the turn-based strategy, dancing, and swordfighting aspects, then Windward is the game for you. Windward is essentially a streamlined version of Sid Meier’s Pirates designed as a cooperative multiplayer sandbox with only the fun parts: sailing your ship and blowing up other ships.


It’s a fully procedural co-op game, meaning that every time you play the game, you enter into an all new world that’s unique to that playthrough. You sail about, find resources, upgrade your ship, and conquer territory.


#6 Sid Meier’s Pirates!



  
Developer: MicroProse

  
Publisher: MicroProse, Ultra Games

  
Platforms: Amiga, PC, NES, Genesis, DS




Sid Meier’s Pirates! is a game containing almost every aspect of pirate life. There’s real-time sea battles, turn-based land battles, dance offs, and tactical sword-fighting.


Originally developed in 1987 (sans ballroom dancing), the game was remade in 2004 with much of its features intact.


#5 Monkey Island Series



  
Developer: LucasArts, Telltale Games

  
Publisher: LucasArts, Disney Interactive

  
Platforms: Atari, Amiga, PC, PS2, XBLA, Wii, PSN, Mobile




An adventure game series by LucasArts (and later Telltale Games, but we’ll be talking about the originals only in this one) Monkey Island puts players in the role of one Guybrush Threepwood, Mighty Pirate.


He must struggle to overcome the most notorious pirate in the Caribbean, defeat the plans of the evil undead pirate LeChuck, and win the heart of Elaine Marley, governess.


#4 Sea of Thieves


Sea of Thieves is an action-adventure title that is centered around pirates. Players will take to the open seas with their cooperative crew as they search for hidden treasure and taking out other pirate crews that show up along the way.


This is an MMO game where players will consistently run into each other throughout their various adventures. Combat will take place both in ships and on land as well, giving players the full pirate experience. Players will also be able to attend safe-zones where they can trade, hire on new crew or even dabble into the black market goods.


#3 Lego Pirates of the Caribbean



  
Developer: Traveller’s Tales, TT Fusion

  
Publisher: Disney Interactive Studios

  
Platforms: PC, 3DS, DS, PS3, PSP, Wii, X360




The Lego-based video game titles have always been popular for all ages. Overall, the games usually embark on a journey revolved around an established IP in such as Pirates of the Caribbean.


Within Lego Pirates of the Caribbean, players will get to follow Captain Jack Sparrow and his crew of pirates through the narrative. Spanning across the first four films, players will be battling iconic rivals from the films while collecting items and unlocking new characters.


#2 Blackwake



  
Developer: Mastfire Studios Pty Ltd

  
Publisher: Mastfire Studios Pty Ltd

  
Platforms: PC




Blackwake is very much like Sea of Thieves though it retains more of a realism aesthetic rather than cartoonish characters. Overall, the game is a FPS where groups of players will work together to maintain a pirate ship within the open seas. However, you’ll be forced to battle against other pirate crews that lurk about which means working as a team to load the cannons, fire at your enemy, patch holes and keep your ship from sinking to the depths below.


Currently, Blackwake is still an Early Access title on the Steam platform. The title hit Early Access in 2017 though the developers behind the project are hoping to see the game officially release into the market in February of 2018.


#1 The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker


The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker is the tenth installment to the long running The Legend of Zelda franchise. As always, players take on the role of Link but this time, the emphasis is for players to explore the open seas as they take the fight against Ganon.


Much like the recent installments to the franchise, Wind Waker features 3D gameplay, however, the art style is drastically different in comparison to the past few installments at the time. Nintendo developed the video game to retain more of a cartoonish style with cel shading which was met with a positive reception with fans and critics alike.


Best Pirate games for Windows 10 PC


Pirate games have long been a favorite among gamers of all ages. Be it a rainy night spent with your family by the fireplace or an afternoon in with your friends, a good pirate game can always spice things up. Being a special niche of adventure games, pirate games take you to the medieval era when robberies by pirates were common.


Best Pirate games for PC



  
The Pirate: The Plague of the Dead

  
The Pirate: Caribbean Hunt

  
Pirates of Everseas

  
Pirate Escape

  
Pirates & Pearls: Match, build & design

  
Pirate’s Path

  
Age of Wind 3

  
Pirates Hero Puzzle

  
Set Sail: Caribbean

  
Nightmares from the Deep 3: Davy Jones




Interestingly, most pirate games aren’t the plug and play type. They usually involve a story.


1] The Pirate: The Plague of the Dead


Pick up the mantel of the fierce and legendary Captain John Rackham and command the Jolly Rancher on an adventure you will not forget. The Plague of the Dead is an open-world game with visuals and campaigns that let you relive the golden age of the pirates. Resurrect the flying ship’s pirates, unlock hidden ships and unique upgrades and witness the true colors of the sea and the saucy sailors here.


2] The Pirate: Caribbean Hunt


In this story-driven strategy and adventure game, you command the Jolly Rancher in all its pirate-hearted glory. With over 15 classes of ships, multiple kinds of ammo, captain skills and heavy upgrades, the Caribbean Hunt makes for a rather amazing pirate game. Lay claim to vast hoards of treasure and unspeakable glory and commandeer the finest pirate ship of all time, as the Crimson King, he of the Antilles here.


3] Pirates of Everseas


Playable on mobile devices, PCs and the Hub, this co-op, cross-platform game gives you a taste of the wild waters and of the power to rule over it. Give yourself the chance to build one of the greatest pirate empires from scratch, with beautifully designed cities, a navy to take down any enemy, an army to raid and create alliances and rise as one of the most formidable powers ever here.


4] Pirate Escape


Trapped’s Pirate Escape offers the perfect release from the usual rum and gore with puzzles and tricky traps that you must battle so you and your crew can escape from prison. Playable on both your PC and your phone, you can get access to the family friendly adventure that offers vivid visuals, the trickiest puzzles and twisting plot lines here.


5] Pirates & Pearls: Match, build & design


Playable on the Hub and PC, this game turns you to a rough veteran of the sea, a puzzle solving, booty looting plundering pirate. Take the form of the vicious pirate Mr Knox and, together with your frustrating parrot, fortify your fortress with the treasure from all the plundering in this game.


6] Pirate’s Path


Random Salad Games LLC’s Pirate’s Path takes you down a path that leads you to ancient treasure of the pirates. This game lets you turn into a pirate to solve puzzles, plunder and collect paths to several items and to save your one true love’s life. While simplistic, the brown and gold toned visuals make for rather engaging backgrounds as you solves puzzles and make your way through this game.


7] Age of Wind 3


Deemedya’s Age of Wind 3 features an open world where you can control three ships, raid and plunder cities and fleets and attack your facebook friends and take their gold. Since this is an open world, you can take your time winning battles across and plundering 35 different islands while building an armory. Get this game here.


8] Pirates Hero Puzzle


A card game by ANKIMA TAP, Pirates Hero Puzzle lets you explore hidden lands and plunder great treasures as you move up and down and around on the board. But you need to be careful or you might get served up being served up as food for the inhabitants of the land. Full of risky ventures, Pirate Hero lets you unlock characters, drink elixirs and have the time of your pirate-y life. Get the game here.


9] Set Sail: Caribbean


Embark on an adventure as the beautiful but resolute daughter of the genial Sir Francis, the Caribbean governor, for whom the only way to save his business is to marry you off to a nice family. Instead you take matters into your own hands and build the business back from scratch by recruiting workers, upgrading ships and yards and buying and selling in a race against the clock to finally defeat the pirate king. Intrigued yet? Get the game here.


10] Nightmares from the Deep 3: Davy Jones


Another winner from Artifex Mundi is the stunning conclusion to the three-part series that pits you, Sara Black, a fiery museum custodian, against the forces of Davy Jones so you may find his secrets, destroy him from the very inside and save your daughter. A game of puzzles full of intrigue, this is a story of how you discovered that Davy and his cursed treasure are real and tried to reveal it, only to be captured with your daughter, who went on to sell her soul to the monstrous pirate to save you. In a bid to save your daughter and her soul, you must defeat the undead forces of Davy Jones in this exciting puzzle game.


The 27 Best Pirate Games for PC: Page 2 of 5


You are a young man of Spanish descent when you wash up at Port Royale in the Caribbean. You are lost until you meet the love of your life, the daughter of the Viceroy, Elena. In order to show your love you must either impress her through trade or war.


If you choose to be a trader, your goal is to create a large city from nothing. Make trade agreements with other towns, set up businesses around the world, and buy as many permits as possible. Your small community must turn into a successful, and busy, outpost for trade and all things economical. Now, if you choose to impress fair Elena through battle you shall become a deadly adventurer. Sadly, Elena has been taken hostage by pirates. These pirates were paid a rich sum from a wealthy Frenchman with intent to marry Elena. You must now start a war against the French to free her and begin your happily ever after. You will have to pirate other ships after tactical naval battles, invade and raid towns for supplies and goods, and possible become a recognized bounty hunter.


Slowly build an economic powerhouse of a city in Port Royale 3. Trade routes will need managed, and don’t forget to always keep an eye on the ever changing market.


Some of us are overachievers and want to be a glorified adventurer and trader. Well Port Royale 3 offers a free play mode that allows you to mix the two aspects of the game in any way you choose. If you start and find out it’s too much to do by yourself, you can always play with up to 4 friends in multiplayer mode! Whether you play solo, or with others, Port Royale 3 has enough adventures to keep you distracted on a rainy weekend.


In the distance you see the ship you’ve been chasing. no hunting. You want the crew, the treasures, and above all the destruction of their ship. Hold on to your cannons because a ferocious battle awaits you in Port Royale 3.


18) Dead Man’s Draw (2014)


A card game of risk and reward, meant for those who can take a chance.


Developer: Stardock Entertainment


Theme: Pirate Themed Card Game


Dead Man’s Draw is a popular card game, which released an online version currently available on Steam. Like most card games this one is all about strategy. If you risk it all you could win great treasures or lose everything. The graphics are pleasing to the eye but not demanding on your PC (which is a major plus). But let’s explore the gameplay a little.


Who will you be when you win it all in a match of extreme strategy and risk? Will you be beautiful, scary, intimidating, or someone funny?


Each player pulls cards one a time in hopes of gaining the upper hand by the point values assigned to each card. However, it isn’t as straightforward as it seems. Cards also have special effects that if aligned properly can result in major plays. If you can set up enough cards you could start a Killer Combo, turning the game into your favor instantly. Once you’ve practiced enough against other players, you can enter tournaments. These tournaments have different sets of rules that keep the players on their toes when deciding on game winning strategies. All of this is themed around the Pirates glorious treasure seeking life.


You’ll have to place your cards based on value and special effects at the right time or risk losing everything you’ve gained. Are you a risk taker?


17) Swords & Crossbones: An Epic Pirate Story (2015)


Explore the grand adventure on sea and land in this turn-based RPG, Swords & Crossbones: An Epic Pirate Story.


Theme: Humorous Pirate Adventure


Swords and Crossbones: An Epic Pirate Story starts you as a pirate whose friends have been kidnapped by the most famed, and treacherous, pirate Duke A. Blizzardo. You must now quest through the starting island to free your past pirate crew to help you again on your new adventure. Bosses will stand in your way, weapon in hand and ready to turn you into pulp! Good thing each of your crew members have helpful unique abilities that can basically level up as you fight devious creatures like alligators, sea monsters, killer parrots, and more. The action is turn-based and once you adjust to it you’ll notice how fun it can be.


Look out for your enemies and decide how to strategically place your crew in order to ensure a successful battle.


Another aspect of the game is what we know as simulation. You have your own island that you build up into a tourist attraction (though you don’t have to!). Your crew will need a house to stay at, and shops to help work in. Funding you and your brethren is an expensive business, so you need to make money. Hire NPC’s to collect resources and build up your town to a new state of glory. However, you can’t solely work on your trading empire because in order to be successful you’ll have to explore.


The start of your town begins with your house and then ends with an extremely profitable tourist spot, allowing you to continue exploring the islands known as Antipodal Archipelago.


Exploring in Swords & Crossbones is a major part of the gameplay. You unlock vision on maps as you complete quests, as well as plots on your island to build on. While you can quest and kill bosses as you explore on land, exploring on the three sea’s is harder. If you don’t have enough food and supplies on your ship you are forced to return to land. As your crew grows larger, you will need to build a better and bigger ship. So many rewarding opportunities await you, but most of all, the defeat of Duke A. Blizzardo.


16) Pirates of the Burning Sea (2008)


Will you be an established trader or an intimidating pirate? In both cases, power and control are inevitable.


Developer: Flying Lab Software


You must choose a nationality and a career as soon as you start playing Pirates of the Burning Sea. Your options aren’t extremely diverse, but it does have a nice simplicity to it. You can either be British, Spanish, French, or Pirate. The three possible careers for the known nations are Naval Officer, Freetrader, and Privateer. Now if you choose to be a non-landlubber, the careers you can choose from are Buccaneer or Cutthroat. Each career offers a unique variances and ways to perform in the game. From trading, to pvp, to conquering fallen ships are just some of the ways to entertain yourself in Pirates of the Burning Sea.


One of the more interesting aspects of this mmorpg is their Swashbuckling system. Basically, it’s a hands one character battle with different ways to try and win. You can fight dirty (pistol and cutlass), use the Florentine method (using dagger like weapons), brawl (hands only), or Fence (typical sword fight). When you win these swashbuckling battles you rank up and earn skill points. These skill points progress your character past others, as well as aid you with difficult encounters and battles. Either way, you can enjoy the pvp, pve, and market strategy in this pirate themed mmorpg whenever you want to. It’s time to decide where you fit in, in the world of Pirates of the Burning Sea.


You are under heavy fire, and must return heavy blows or fear being abandoned to the vast sea. There’s no time for hesitation in the life of a Pirate.


Prepare to battle for your honor, riches, and above all your life. Prove who the real scallywag is in some epic hands on battles.


15) Sea of Thieves (2017)


Wait with us for this fantastic open world journey in the life of a true pirate.


Theme: Open World Adventure as Pirates


The best thing about being a pirate is getting super drunk and singing tunes on your grand ship. We’ve all wanted a flagon of rum in one hand, a steering wheel in the other, and treasure on the horizon. Well in Sea of Thieves you are going to get all that and much more. Sea of Thieves is an open world multiplayer adventure that should cater to all types of players.


Man the sails, and steer forward…because we’ve got treasure to find…and steal.


You are a pirate with free reign to move as you please when playing Sea of Thieves. If you want to play a social game, you can drink merrily with your comrades and sing songs of bravery and glorious riches. If you want to place yourself in the hall of fame then go out with your 4 other crewmen (actual players) and hunt down other 5 manned ships. If blasting cannons isn’t enough to take down the enemy ship, ram your own vessel into theirs. All of this is so you can steal their loot and make it your own. If you just aren’t ready to steal treasure, don’t worry. There are ancient treasure maps ready to be found leading to great riches. While you explore you can always complete quests for special items and gold.


The only way to find out what lies inside this hidden cave is to move forward and take a chance. There could be great treasures, or a deadly trap. It’s your choice.


We have big hopes for this first person open adventure pirate world. We’ll be sitting, rum in hand, waiting for the anticipated release of Sea of Thieves next year.
