Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Beta Maniac Android


When designing a new application or adding features, developers need a group of users to test it before it is released to the general public. By downloading the APK file of this app, you can become a beta tester to try the new features of your favorite mobile applications and games.


How to become a beta tester of smartphone applications


Beta Maniac is a tool that invites us to join the beta programs of the applications installed on our device. In other words, it will send us a notification when there is a new feature so we can test it before it is available to all users.


Although creating an account can be a bit of a hassle, once you are inside the platform, the interface is very intuitive. At the top of the screen, we will see a menu with colored buttons to classify the beta programs.


This app allows you to periodically scan for beta programs of the applications you have installed.
 


In the list of apps, we will see the available beta versions. To join one of them, open the tab and touch the blue button. We have the ability to join the beta programs of our choice and leave the program at any time.


After joining the program, the app will notify us when there is an open beta version for us to test. Thanks to this app, we will avoid filling out tedious forms and submitting requests to become beta testers.


Requirements and additional information:


With a degree in Law and Journalism, I specialized in criminology and cultural journalism. Mobile apps, especially Android apps, are one of my great passions. I have been testing dozens of apps every day for over six years now, discovering all.


Beta Maniac


Теперь управлять подписками на бета-программы своих приложений стало проще с Google Play.
Но что, если вы хотите принять участие в бета-программе с ограниченным числом (например, WhatsApp или LinkedIn)?


Beta Maniac позволяет вам периодически сканировать бета-программы установленных вами приложений, а также отправляет вам уведомление, когда бета-программа с ограниченным числом снова становится доступной, и вы можете подписаться на бета-программу, просто щелкнув уведомление.


Вы также можете управлять своими подписками на бета-программы прямо из приложения, фильтровать списки в соответствии со своими вкусами и наслаждаться привлекательным и современным дизайном.


Вы хотите темную тему? Не волнуйтесь, это уже включено!


Только для настоящих бета-тестеров!


Безопасность данных


Чтобы контролировать безопасность, нужно знать, как разработчики собирают ваши данные и передают их третьим лицам. Методы обеспечения безопасности и конфиденциальности могут зависеть от того, как вы используете приложение, а также от вашего региона и возраста. Информация ниже предоставлена разработчиком и в будущем может измениться.
