Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Roblox Blox Fruits codes (October 2022): Free resets, XP, and more


Roblox Blox Fruits is one of the platform's most popular anime adventure experiences, with approximately eight billion visits since its launch. The title was launched in 2019 by Gamer Robot Inc. and is inspired by the popular anime/ manga series One Piece, illustrated by Eiichiro Oda.


Blox Fruits was recently updated, and the developers have added some new features along with some codes. This article provides all the active and inactive codes for Roblox Blox Fruits for readers to learn about and how to use them.


New active codes for Roblox Blox Fruits


Roblox codes are case-sensitive, meaning players must be very careful while typing them out. If any codes are entered incorrectly, they will not function properly. To avoid this, users can always copy the desired code from the list below and paste it into the required text box. This will prevent users from entering the error code and save a lot of time and effort.


Roblox codes are also not everlasting, which means they can be removed from the title at any point. This is why users are always recommended to try out these codes as soon as possible and not miss out on the fun others might have.


With that said, here are all the active and freshly released codes for Roblox Blox Fruits (October 2022):



  
EXP_5B – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x XP

  
RESET_5B – Redeem this code in the game to reset stats

  
KittGaming – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x XP

  
Enyu_is_Pro – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x XP

  
Sub2Fer999 – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x XP

  
Bluxxy – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x XP

  
JCWK – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x XP

  
Magicbus – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x XP

  
Starcodeheo – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x XP

  
fudd10_v2 – Redeem this code in the game to receive $2 Beli

  
3BVISITS – Redeem this code in the game to receive 30 minutes of 2X XP

  
UPD16 – Redeem this code in the game to receive 20 minutes of 2x XP (Update 16)

  
1MLIKES_RESET – Redeem this code in the game to receive Stat Points Reset (Update 16)

  
2BILLION – Redeem this code in the game to receive 20 minutes of 2x XP (Update 15)

  
THIRDSEA – Redeem this code in the game to reset stats

  
UPD15 – Redeem this code in the game to receive 20 minutes of 2x XP

  
SUB2GAMERROBOT_RESET1 – Redeem this code in the game to reset the stats

  
SUB2GAMERROBOT_EXP1 – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x Experience

  
Sub2OfficialNoobie – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x Experience

  
FUDD10 – Redeem this code in the game to receive $1 Beli

  
BIGNEWS – Redeem this code in the game to receive an In-Game Title

  
THEGREATACE – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x Experience

  
SUB2NOOBMASTER123 – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x Experience

  
SUB2UNCLEKIZARU – Redeem this code in the game to reset stats

  
Sub2Daigrock – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x Experience

  
Axiore – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x Experience

  
TantaiGaming – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x Experience

  
STRAWHATMAINE – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x Experience




Expired codes


As stated above, Roblox codes are not meant to last forever and will no longer be part of the game after some time. Here are all the inactive or expired codes for Roblox Blox Fruits for readers. These are not in the game (October 2022):



  
UPD14 – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x Experience

  
ShutDownFix2 – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x Experience

  
1BILLION – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x Experience

  
XMASEXP – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x Experience

  
XMASRESET – Redeem this code in the game to receive reset stats

  
UPDATE11 – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x Experience

  
POINTSRESET – Redeem this code in the game to reset stats

  
UPDATE10 – Redeem this code in the game to reset stats

  
CONTROL – Redeem this code in the game to receive 2x Experience




How to redeem a code in Roblox Blox Fruits?


Click on the blue Twitter button to open the code redemption window panel in Roblox Blox Fruits (Image via YouTube)


Redeeming a code in Roblox Blox Fruits is easy, and one can learn by following the basic steps below.


Here are the steps for players to follow:


Step 1: Launch Roblox Blox Fruits on any supported device like mobile, PC, etc.


Step 2: Pick whether to become a Pirate or Marine and search for a small blue Twitter bird button (as shown in the image above).


Step 3: Tap the bluebird to open the code redemption window panel.


Step 4: Enter or copy the desired code from the list of active codes mentioned above.


Step 5: Paste it into the text box and hit the “Redeem” button to claim the rewards.


Players should never forget to double-check the entered code before hitting the “Redeem” button to avoid any mistakes.


Blox Fruits codes for April 2023: Get free items in Blox Fruits 


BLOX Fruits has lots of codes that will get you free boosts, so we've gathered them all.


Just in case our Roblox code guide didn’t give you enough freebies, we’ll give you all the codes in this game mode.


Blox Fruits is one of the most popular Roblox games, where you adventure around the world and fight whatever and whoever stands in your path.


It’s got a surprisingly complex battle system, that claims to be inspired by the One Piece manga with the Blox Fruits themselves acting like spells or weapons you can use.


If you peer over the edge of this game’s rabbit hole, you’ll quickly find yourself falling deeper than you intended.


That said, one piece of the puzzle may soon be missing as the iconic "oof" death noise will soon be gone from the game.


What’s more, it has its own set of codes for free items and bonuses which is separate from the main Roblox game.


This means the process for redeeming the codes is slightly different, but the items you can get are arguably a lot better.


So we’ve collected all of the currently active codes to get you everything.


How to redeem Blox Fruits codes


You can redeem a code in Blox Fruits by following these steps:



  
Open Blox Fruits

  
Click the Twitter icon in the top right

  
Enter the code in the field provided

  
Click “Redeem”




If your code is valid then the associate item(s) will be added to your account.


Blox Fruits codes - April 2023



  
ADMINGIVEAWAY – 20 mins 2x EX

  
Axiore – 20 mins 2x EXP

  
Bignews – In-game Title

  
Bluxxy – 20 mins 2x EXP

  
Enyu_is_Pro – 20 mins 2x EXP

  
Exp_5b – Freebies

  
Fudd10 – $1

  
fudd10_v2 – 2 Beli

  
GAMERROBOT_YT – 20 mins 2x EXP

  
GAMER_ROBOT_1M - 90 mins 2x EXP

  
JCWK – 20 mins 2x EXP

  
KittGaming – 20 mins 2x EXP

  
Magicbus – 20 mins 2x EXP

  
NOOB_REFUND – Stat reset

  
Sub2Daigrock – 15 mins 2x EXP

  
Sub2Fer999 – 20 mins 2x EXP

  
SUB2GAMERROBOT_EXP1 – 30 mins 2x EXP

  
SUB2GAMERROBOT_RESET1 – Stat reset

  
SUB2NOOBMASTER123 – 15 mins 2x EXP

  
Sub2OfficialNoobie – 20 mins 2x EXP

  
Sub2UncleKizaru – Stat refund

  
Starcodeheo – 20 mins 2x EXP

  
StrawHatMaine – 15 mins 2x EXP

  
TantaiGaming – 15 mins 2x EXP

  
TheGreatAce – 20 mins 2x EXP

  
TY_FOR_WATCHING – 20 mins of 2x EXP




With these codes you can get hours of double XP, so make the most of it and you’ll be at a high level in no time.


Make sure to check back here regularly as we will update this list as new codes come out.


Written by Ryan Woodrow on behalf of GLHF .
