Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Boobs vs Aliens v1.0.8 MOD APK (Menu/Dumb Enemy, Free Upgrade)


Boobs vs Aliens Mod APK directs players to the struggle against aliens invading the Earth and plotting to destroy humans. You will find different teammates to stop waves of powerful enemies and uncover their mysterious stories.


1. Menu 
2. Dumb Enemy/No Attack (Helper are also affected with this) 
3. Free Hero Upgrade 
4. Free weapon Upgrade 
5. Unlocked all Ammo Chests 
6. Free Ammo Chest 
7. Free Black Market Chest 
8. High Power => Skip battles 
Collect Ammo Chest/go to Main Screen/back to ammo Chest to new Claim


Boobs vs Aliens is a tower defense game where players with characters with different weapons stop invading aliens. The waves of enemies will be more and more diverse that surely anyone will be careful. At the same time, the items that you collect during the game will be used to upgrade weapons for these characters. Impressive interactive stories are waiting for players.


ALIEN INVASION TO DESTROY EARTH


In Boobs vs Aliens, there is the existence of aliens, and they have observed the development of humanity from the very first steps of development. Little by little, they began to envy what only humans could achieve. From there, they started a total attack on Earth with a plot to destroy humans, and of course, there will always be heroes standing up against the enemy. This role was entrusted to an ordinary delivery man with impressive power.


The character possesses the right weapons and mental strength to resist the invasion of various enemies from the alien world. At the same time, over time, you will be able to strengthen your team with the characters you have saved. The gameplay that you find in this game revolves around the tower defense mechanism, where you will set up a line of defense so that the enemies cannot get through. The enemy’s strength will increase day by day and you must pay attention.


OVERCOMING WAVES OF ALIENS


As noted above, the gameplay of Boobs vs Aliens revolves around tower defense mechanics where you will destroy approaching enemies. The game’s level is divided into two when the enemies move from the right side. At the same time, you also know the game’s progress through the red bar, and of course, your team will have HP that you need to try to protect so that the level does not stop. In addition, with a diverse number of enemies, your character will receive specific support.


This game is different from other games of the same genre because of the variety of characters it possesses. Specifically, the number of starting characters in the game is quite modest, so support items will be needed. These items are located on the right side of the screen and have usage limits for you to consider. At the same time, its effect is beneficial and can be used in many situations, such as creating an ice effect and making your enemies move slower.


POWER UP YOUR CHARACTERS AND EXPLORE THEIR STORIES


You will overcome many different levels in Boobs vs Aliens, and your rewards are completely diverse as you can use them to upgrade the weapons for the characters on your team. Each level of upgrade requires a different number of items that you need to meet, and you can craft materials if the number you own is not enough. At the same time, you can also interact with your team members to find out information about them.


You will be able to text with these characters, and of course, there will be options to help your dialogue progress. At the same time, over time, as your relationship with them become close, you can ultimately find out the secrets they hide.


The journey against aliens attracts players for the following reasons:



  
You will transform into a hero with great potential and modern weapons to fight the aliens plotting to destroy humans.

  
The waves of constantly moving and powerful enemies you need to face, and there will be items to support you in battle.

  
The number of team members will increase daily to help you kill more enemies at once and complete the level in the best way.

  
The items you get in the games can be used to upgrade weapons or craft an item of higher quality.

  
Each character on the team has different beauties that you can interact with and uncover their mysteries when the two reach a high level of intimacy.




Boobs vs Aliens v1.0.8 MOD APK (Menu/Dumb Enemy, Free Upgrade) Download


You are now ready to download Boobs vs Aliens for free. Here are some notes:



  
Please read our MOD Info and installation instructions carefully for the game & app to work properly

  
Downloading via 3rd party software like IDM, ADM (Direct link) is currently blocked for abuse reasons.




Boobs vs Aliens is no longer available


As of March 22, 2023 Boobs vs Aliens is no longer playable on Nutaku.


Please check out these other great games:



  
Nutaku Games

  
Free PC Games

  
Paid PC Games

  
Free Android Games

  
Free iOS Games

  
Offers and Events



  
Inclusive Adult Gaming

  
Sex Games

  
Porn Games

  
Gay Porn Games

  
Lesbian Sex Games

  
Transgender Sex Games



  
Work With Us

  
Nutaku Publishing

  
Affiliate Program

  
My Referrals



  
Support

  
FAQ

  
Payment Support

  
Account Support

  
Contact Game Support

  
Subscription



  
Discover

  
News & Updates

  
About Us

  
Directory

  
Press




©2023 Nutaku Entertainment Ltd - All Rights Reserved.


Trademarks owned by Licensing IP International S.à r.l. used under license by Nutaku Entertainment Ltd


All models appearing on this website are 18 years or older. Click here for records required pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement. By entering this site you swear that you are of legal age in your area to view adult material and that you wish to view such material.


Sign Up Free & Get 200 Gold


Create your free account and check your email for a free gift!
