Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Cemu emulator android


This is your best bet if you want to get up and running quickly without any issues. If you want the cutting edge, click the above tab for a development build.


Download Development Builds


Note that these are automated "bleeding-edge" versions - they are probably stable enough, but may break at any time! Recommended only if you want to try new features, and don't mind occasional bugs.


For now, this is the version that has TI-Basic "debugging", "USB transfers" (i.e. being able to transfers files such as OSes and apps), etc.


About CEmu


CEmu is a third-party cross-platform TI-84 Plus CE / TI-83 Premium CE calculator emulator, focused on developer features. Any amount would help support and continue development on this project and is greatly appreciated.


Support


Blog


Cemu emulator is an experimental software to emulate Wii U applications on Android OS (and also on Windows, iOS and MacOS).


It is still relatively early in development but most games can now be run in a playable state and development has been progressing quickly.


Cemu also now has additional functionality that the original Wii U hardware isn’t capable of such as higher resolution rendering and support for a wider variety of controllers.


This emulator can run encrypted Wii U images (WUD) and RPX/RPL files.


Internal resolution is 1920×1080 (if supported by device), contains only some optimizations, expect slow framerates and long load times.


Features


Cemu for Android is not intended for general use yet. It is stil in experimental step and some games can run with graphic glitch.


Currently the DRC (GamePad), Pro Controller and Classic Controller is emulated.


Wiimotes are emulated as well (including native support).


Keyboard input + USB controllers as input devices are supported.


GamePad touch input can be controlled via left mouse click.


Gyro functionality is emulated with limitations and can be controlled via right mouse button.


System requirements

OS versionAndroid 6.0 (or higher)CPUQuad core 1.5+ GhzRAM2 GB (4 GB recommended)Disk space50 MB The table lists the minimum system requirements for running Cemu emulator Android

Update


•Anisotropic filtering can now be controlled via graphic packs
 
•Re-Added texture dumping support
 
•New Graphics settings fixes in the main menu
 
•Vulkan fixes
 
•Various smaller optimizations (only for beta version)
 
•UI improvements (for Android OS 6.0+)
 
•Added game file verification to title manager
 
•Graphic packs can now extend the amount of RAM available to games
 
•Misc fixes
 
•CPU Stability improvements (only for Android OS 7.0+)
 
•Improved support for homebrew
 


Install



  
Open this link on your browser and download BIOS file: https://apkod.com/download-category/bios/

  
Move the BIOS file (part 1 and part 2) on the following directory in your device: /android/data/com.cobesoft.build22/bios/ (if this folder doesn’t exist please create it)

  
Open this link on your browser and download Data file: https://apkod.com/download-category/data/

  
Move the Data .obb file (part 1 and part 2) on the following directory in your device: /android/data/com.cobesoft.build22/data/

  
Launch the app




Cemu emulator for Android (Download APK) Nintendo Wii U


Cemu for Android is a closed-source Wii U video game console emulator developed by Exzap who serves as the core and GPU developer, and Petergov as the core and audio emulation developer.


Though it is still under development, it is able to run certain games smoothly.


It was successful at booting and running The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild soon after its release.


Highlights


Designed as a proof-of-concept, the initial release of Cemu could successfully boot Mario Kart 8 and The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker HD yet lacked Wii U GamePad support and audio and suffered from stutters and video glitches.


Despite the Wii U sharing a similar name as its predecessor, the Wii, the emulator was built independently from Dolphin, a Wii emulator, as the systems only shared their CPU architecture in common.


The emulator would rapidly progress from this state and increase its compatibility with the Wii U game library and add more features.


System requirements


The table lists the minimum system requirements for running this application on smartphone and tablet devices.



OSAndroid 8 (or newer)CPUQuad core 2.0 GHz (or higher)RAM6 GB (8 GB recommended)Storage32+ MBDisplay720p+ 



The app performance may vary depending on device hardware configuration.


For the best experience, users should be running within the recommended requirements.


New features


The Cemu development team announced an update that included experimental features, and beta program is now closed.


The last version is aviable on the link below.


Install



  
Open this link on your browser and download BIOS file: https://www.yaxod.com/download-category/bios/

  
Move the BIOS file (part 1 and part 2) on the following directory in your device: /android/data/com.cobesoft.build22/bios/ (if this folder doesn’t exist please create it)

  
Open this link on your browser and download Data file: https://www.yaxod.com/download-category/data/

  
Move the Data .obb file (part 1 and part 2) on the following directory in your device: /android/data/com.cobesoft.build22/data/

  
Launch the app




Download


The latest version of this app is available on the button link below:
