Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



The Last Word: Are Scented Candles Harmful to Your Health?


Scented candles have long been a popular way to add ambience to a space, but they may release harmful chemicals. Here’s who should avoid them, according to experts, and why.


Scented candles look and smell lovely, but they may cause unpleasant physical symptoms for some people. Martí Sans/Stocksy


You may enjoy unwinding at the end of a busy day by pouring yourself a glass of red wine, kicking back, putting your feet up, and maybe lighting a scented or unscented candle.


If so, you’re not alone. Scented candles are extremely popular, thanks in part to the COVID-19 pandemic — in the United States, sales have increased 30 percent since the world health emergency began, according to a report from ResearchAndMarkets.com, a market research firm. The market for scented candles is expected to grow by 3.3 percent from 2021 to 2028, reaching a projected value of $690.8 million, the report notes.


“The sense of smell is closely linked to our emotional state,” says Alison Smith, PhD, a Toronto-based neuroscientist, neurotech entrepreneur, and mental health advocate. “When it comes to aromatherapy candles, it isn't necessarily the candle scent itself that will help a person to relax,” she adds. “Instead, it's the person's perception of how good that candle smells.”


The Claims About the Health Harms of Scented Candles


Although candles are clearly popular — and have been used throughout history for light, decoration, and ceremonies — some people online, such as on TikTok, have questioned the safety of scented candles in particular.


There are numerous types and scents to choose from online and in stores today, and they’re made with a range of ingredients, both natural and synthetic. So, how safe for your health is it to burn scented candles? Let's shed some light on this subject.


The Scientific Research on Scented Candles and Your Health


Scented candles release a category of chemicals called volatile organic compounds, or VOCs, which, according to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), may have short-term and long-term negative health effects.


One study analyzed VOCs emitted from six candle types, both lit and unlit. Researchers found that scented candles produced VOCs even when unlit, and once there was a flame, different chemicals were released, such as formaldehyde, in greater concentrations.


VOCs are found in many household items, including paints, cleaning products, and fuels, and humans are regularly exposed to them. The question is, do scented candles produce VOCs in high enough concentrations to cause harm? Another study examined the VOCs and particulate emissions when scented candles were burned in a lab, then used computer modeling to simulate exposure in a home, and concluded that the amounts released under normal use wouldn't cause health risks to humans.


Our understanding of the harm to human health relies on estimates of the dose of VOC exposure, says Amy Brown, MD, an assistant professor of pediatrics at New York Medical College in Valhalla, New York. This dose, she explains, can depend on many factors, including concentration of particulates, vapors, or VOCs generated, ventilation in the space where these vapors could be inhaled, and how much time individuals spend near the source of emissions. “Every person metabolizes vapors in different ways and may be more or less vulnerable to harmful effects,” Dr. Brown says.


Should Certain People Avoid Scented Candles, and if So, Why?


Older adults and people with allergies, asthma, cancer, heart disease, or compromised immune systems should avoid scented candles, says Purvi Parikh, MD, an adult and pediatric allergist and immunologist with Allergy & Asthma Network in New York City. Scented candles can trigger asthma attacks and allergic reactions, and they can cause a COPD flare or breathing issues, she adds.


If you’re not someone who has a respiratory condition and you burn scented candles in moderation in a well-ventilated space, you will probably not experience harmful effects. Still, Brown recommends paying attention to any respiratory symptoms you do experience when around a scented candle, such as coughing, sneezing, or an itchy throat. “Those symptoms are your airways telling you that they are irritated,” she says. If these symptoms go away when you remove the scented candles from the environment, it’s likely they’re the cause of your respiratory irritation.


Are Some Candle Ingredients Worse Than Others?


Certain ingredients may pose a greater danger to human health than others. For example, there are VOCs known to cause cancer, says Dr. Parikh. According to the American Cancer Society, benzene is linked to a higher risk of cancer; so is formaldehyde, according to the National Cancer Institute. Both can be found as VOCs released by scented candles, but it’s unclear if the amount of VOCs that scented candles release is enough to cause significant harm.


Many candles are made from paraffin wax, a by-product of petroleum. According to the National Candle Association, paraffin is the most-used candle wax today. This wax may increase exposure to harmful chemicals. “There is some data to suggest that candles made of paraffin wax generate a larger amount of VOCs,” says Brown.


Fragrances, VOCs, and soot can all trigger respiratory disease and cause breathing problems, and VOCs, such as acetone benzene and toluene, are harmful for those with asthma and allergies, says Parikh.


It’s possible that candles made from natural waxes release fewer harmful chemicals. Natural waxes include beeswax, soy, palm wax, stearin (made from vegetable or animal fats and oils), and coconut wax. A study that compared paraffin and stearin candles found that stearin candles emitted fewer smoke particles. Similarly, soy candles produced less soot than paraffin in another study. This suggests that natural wax candles are less toxic.


A study that examined the environmental effects of burning candles during All Saints’ Day ceremonies found that candles with stearin wax released 50 percent less soot than candles with paraffin wax. These researchers noted that the natural wax candles were the least toxic.


Scented Candles and Pets


Pets, like humans, can be sensitive to scents and chemicals released into the air. Pets are also smaller than us and have a stronger sense of smell.


“In well-ventilated homes, occasionally using candles with subtle scents is okay,” says Sarah Wooten, DVM, a spokesperson for Pumpkin, a pet insurance company. But she notes some exceptions, explaining that candles made with essential oils can be toxic to dogs if eaten, and that smoke or fumes from scented candles can make existing respiratory issues or allergies worse for a dog or cat. She recommends avoiding paraffin wax.


Signs of respiratory issues or allergies Wooten says to watch for in your pet include:



  
Sneezing

  
Reverse sneezing

  
Nasal discharge

  
Watery eyes

  
Red eyes

  
Coughing

  
Excessive panting

  
Pawing or rubbing at their face




A Final Word on Scented Candles and Health


At this point, there isn’t enough strong evidence to say everyone should ditch scented candles for good. The chemicals they release are similar to those you come into contact with from daily household items and environmental pollutants, and you’re probably getting less of those chemicals from a scented candle.


If you don’t have one of the aforementioned health issues and haven’t been experiencing unpleasant symptoms from burning scented candles, you’re likely safe. You can also opt for natural wax to cut down on soot. “I personally choose and generally recommend candles with a different base wax, such as soy or coconut,” says Brown. Just be sure to burn them in a room that’s well ventilated, and be mindful of how long you spend near a burning candle, Brown advises.


If scented candles cause you unpleasant symptoms, and especially if they cause breathing issues, but you want to enjoy the ambience candles offer, consider unscented candles and burn them in a room with good ventilation, an open window, or an air purifier, Parikh recommends.


How to Make Scented Pine Cones


wikiHow is a “wiki,” similar to Wikipedia, which means that many of our articles are co-written by multiple authors. To create this article, 30 people, some anonymous, worked to edit and improve it over time.


This article has been viewed 583,682 times.


Make scented pine cones to bring aromatic scents into your home, to make an attractive holiday display, or to give away as gifts. Glue spices to pine cones using one of two methods, or scent the pine cones using essential oils and no glue.


Spray Adhesive Method



  
Sprinkle the pine cone spice mixture with essential oils of patchouli, orange, sandalwood, cinnamon or balsam if you want to add a more pungent aroma. Mix the spices and oils thoroughly.




Spray the pine cones with spray adhesive. Be careful not to breathe in the adhesive. Spray outside if your house isn't well-ventilated.


Close the bag and shake thoroughly until the pine cones turn over and settle again in one layer on the bottom of the bag.


Put the pine cones in a mesh bag or onion bag, then shake the bag thoroughly to remove excess spices. This step is messy and should be done outside.


Package the mesh bag of fragrant pine cones inside a plastic bag, then tie it closed with a ribbon. Alternatively, place the spiced pine cones in a basket. Cover the basket with cellophane, then decorate it with a bow.


Brush-on Glue Method


Place the pine cones with glue on them in the plastic bag. Shake the bag to cover the cones with the spices.


Place the pine cones on newspaper and allow the cones to dry overnight. Give the pine cones as gifts in baskets or hang them on your Christmas tree.


Scenting Pine Cones Without Glue


Mix Christmas blend essential oil in a spray bottle with some water. If you prefer, you can also use cinnamon or clove oil.



  
Alternatively, put pine cones in a plastic bag with several drops of cinnamon or clove oil or Christmas essential oil. Seal the pine cones in the bag for 2 to 7 days, after which the cones will be ready.




Community Q&A


Thanks! We're glad this was helpful. 
Thank you for your feedback. 
As a small thank you, we’d like to offer you a $30 gift card (valid at GoNift.com). Use it to try out great new products and services nationwide without paying full price—wine, food delivery, clothing and more. Enjoy! Claim Your Gift If wikiHow has helped you, please consider a small contribution to support us in helping more readers like you. We’re committed to providing the world with free how-to resources, and even $1 helps us in our mission. Support wikiHow


Can I use fresh green pine cones and season with cinnamon and clove if I put them in a plastic bag for 24 hours?


You need to dry them in the oven for 2-3 hours at 200 degrees. The heat opens up the cone and kills any creepies, mold, mildew. You don't ever want to use green cones fresh from outside.


Thanks! We're glad this was helpful. 
Thank you for your feedback. 
As a small thank you, we’d like to offer you a $30 gift card (valid at GoNift.com). Use it to try out great new products and services nationwide without paying full price—wine, food delivery, clothing and more. Enjoy! Claim Your Gift If wikiHow has helped you, please consider a small contribution to support us in helping more readers like you. We’re committed to providing the world with free how-to resources, and even $1 helps us in our mission. Support wikiHow


No. When the water dries, the spices will fall off. You need to use an adhesive for dry spices or essential oils that will soak into the cones.


Thanks! We're glad this was helpful. 
Thank you for your feedback. 
As a small thank you, we’d like to offer you a $30 gift card (valid at GoNift.com). Use it to try out great new products and services nationwide without paying full price—wine, food delivery, clothing and more. Enjoy! Claim Your Gift If wikiHow has helped you, please consider a small contribution to support us in helping more readers like you. We’re committed to providing the world with free how-to resources, and even $1 helps us in our mission. Support wikiHow
