Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Loot Forecaster for COC for PC


About Loot Forecaster for COC For PC


Download Loot Forecaster for COC for PC free at BrowserCam. undefined. developed Loot Forecaster for COC application for Google's Android in addition to iOS nevertheless, you can install Loot Forecaster for COC on PC or computer. Lets find out the specifications so that you can download Loot Forecaster for COC PC on Windows or MAC computer without much difficulty.


How to Install Loot Forecaster for COC for PC or MAC:



  
Begin by downloading BlueStacks to your PC.

  
If the download process ends double click the installer to start the install process.

  
Look into the initial two steps and click "Next" to proceed to the final step of set up.

  
When you notice "Install" on screen, just click on it to get started on the last installation process and click on "Finish" right after it is over.

  
At this point, either from your windows start menu or desktop shortcut open BlueStacks Android emulator.

  
Add a Google account just by signing in, which could take couple of min's.

  
Good job! Now you may install Loot Forecaster for COC for PC using BlueStacks Android emulator either by searching for Loot Forecaster for COC application in google play store page or by downloading apk file.It's about time to install Loot Forecaster for COC for PC by visiting the google playstore page after you have successfully installed BlueStacks emulator on your PC.




Best Trophy Range for Farming


There is more to Farming than simply being good at scouting bases and making successful attacks. A great Chief can only attack what is presented to him/her in matchmaking, and that’s what we’ll look further at in this post. I also want to show how your Trophy Range is directly related to the bases you will see. Your Trophy Range can have a big influence on your farming.


The Basics of Trophy Ranges in Clash of Clans


Let’s have a look at how matchmaking works in Clash of Clans. The first step is getting matched against all players without an active shield in a similar Trophy Range to your Trophy Count. Furthermore, Matchmaking presents to you the available bases that match your Town Hall Level. If there are no villages with the same TH Level available, you may get shown higher and/or lower Town Hall Level bases. 

The idea that League Level isn’t too important because TH level is prioritized first is where a lot of Clashers make a mistake. This is not the case.
The goal, of course, is to hopefully get matched against bases with the same Town Hall Level as you – lower TH levels will give you a loot reduction and higher TH levels will be harder to attack. If you must choose between attacking a higher or a lower TH Level base, always take the lower one (but aim for bases maxed 1 Level lower than you), because you can offset the loot reduction with the League Bonus you should get with a successful attack.
The key is to be in a League where you get matched with bases worth attacking – current spots that work for each Town Hall Level are shown below. 
Speaking about the League Bonus… It has an impact on your farming profit because it has been raised a couple of times during the last Updates and will likely become more and more significant in the future. If you’re in a League that’s too low, the Bonus is so small it’s almost not adding anything worthwhile to your profit.


Daily Star Bonus


Don’t forget about the Daily Star Bonus! Every day you’re able to acquire the bonus if you earn at least 5 Stars in total from your matchmaking attacks. This can be easily reached if you’re attacking 2-3 times a day even if only farming. The Star Bonus can add a significant amount to your total profit depending on the League you’re in: 


Trophy Ranges at a glance:



  
Trophy Range determines how big the pool of bases you can attack is

  
If your trophy range is too high, you get matched against too strong opponents and also get hit by harder opponents on defense

  
The League Bonus can make up for a difference in TH Level

  
If you’re too low, the League Bonus can be too small for you and you won’t get enough bases shown at your TH Level

  
Don’t forget about the Daily Star Bonus. It will potentially reward you with a large amount of resources




 Important! Here are some things about getting matched that are still a myth in the Clash Community, but DO NOT work!



Farming in Sub 200 Trophies: You will get matched against hardcore farmers and abandoned bases are very limited. Also you will see a lot of very low bases – you’ll simply waste time and nexting-costs on. Read more about that here:
[irp posts=”9643″ name=”Why Sub 200 Farming is wasting your time”]
P.S.: You also will not get any League Bonus being that low.
Changing the language or country on your device/game: I have tested this several times and talked to Clashers who have as well. It doesn’t work. Please read the whole story here:
[irp posts=”11766″ name=”Loot affection from changing language or country”]


Best Trophy Ranges to farm for TH3 to TH11


I mentioned earlier in this post that I’d list some ranges that are working well these days, here you are:



  
Town Hall 7 & lower: as high as you can get without dropping trophies on purpose

  
Town Hall 8: 2000 and above

  
Town Hall 9: 2600 and above

  
Town Hall 10: 3200 and above (depending how much maxed or rushed your base is)

  
Town Hall 11: 3600 and above




These are only recommendations. My personal rule is that I should be in a League that rewards a League Bonus + about one-third of the Daily Star Bonus that makes up for my army building costs. 
Example: Using an army with 12 Giants, 15 Valkyries, 4 Healer, 2 Wall Breaker and 6 Wizards costs around 250,000 Elixir & 3,000 Dark Elixir with the Spells. In that case I will farm at least in Champions III League (rewarding 200k Elixir & 1,2k Dark Elixir PLUS 100k & 500 Dark Elixir proportionately).
This makes it much easier for me to loot because I will make up for my attacking costs with the base itself and the loot I get is my profit. I don’t have to search for ages to find high loot bases.


Upgrading Heroes!


There is a myth around that you have to go down in Leagues when you upgrade your Heroes.
That’s simply not true!
I upgrade my Heroes right now on the last levels to max them out and I farm around 3900 trophies as a Town Hall 11. Here’s how I do that and still get 1 Star and 2 Star victories:
[irp posts=”14599″ name=”Farming Without Heroes / Low Heroes”]


Farming is Not Just About Trophy Range


Trophy Range is the most important factor with regards to farming. However, there is another factor that’s having an impact on the loot situation more globally; the time of the day and the day itself.
Loot generation and the global economy are directly related to raiding and defending. It’s a very sensitive structure. If you’re having a pretty useless time with farming, it doesn’t necessarily mean you’re in the wrong Trophy Range, it could be just bad timing.
Here’s, by the way, a nice tool that shows when there are good times to farm and when not:
[irp posts=”12495″ name=”Find the best time for farming”]
Last but not least, here are some excellent armies for every Town Hall to farm with:
[irp posts=”14885″ name=”Farming Strategies For All Town Hall Level”]


Conclusion


Hopefully in this post, I’ve shown you why it’s so important to be in the appropriate Trophy Range . It will certainly have an impact on how many opponents you can get matched against before you start to get matched against higher and lower opponents. Make sure to check out the Loot Forecaster I linked in the post in regards to finding the best time for farming.
Thanks for editing: EnchinsuOcha, MikeO


COC Loot Forecaster for PC


COC Loot Forecaster will help you to find perfect time to raid and maximize your clash of clans loot for farming.


COC Loot Forecaster simulates players habits around the world to provide an overall view of the quality of raids you can expect to find in the game. Use the colored graph above to help coordinate your raids so that you make sure you're taking advantage of the best times to be raiding.


The times displayed along the top and bottom of the graph are local times for your timezone while the vertical line indicates the current time.


This content is not affiliated with, endorsed, sponsored, or specifically approved by Supercell and Supercell is not responsible for it. Clash of Clans icons and images displayed in this App are from the Supercell’s Fan Kit. For more information see Supercell’s Fan Content Policy: http://www.supercell.com/fan-content-policy.


Features:
*Maximize Loot With Perfect Time
*Watch Realtime Status Of COC
*Max Loot With Less Effort


Download COC Loot Forecaster For Loot More With Ease and have Fun.


How to Install COC Loot Forecaster for Windows PC or MAC:


COC Loot Forecaster is an Android Strategy app developed by Revikhub and published on the Google play store. It has gained around 5000 installs so far, with an average rating of 4.0 out of 5 in the play store.


COC Loot Forecaster requires Android with an OS version of 4.1 and up. In addition, the app has a content rating of Everyone, from which you can decide if it is suitable to install for family, kids, or adult users. COC Loot Forecaster is an Android app and cannot be installed on Windows PC or MAC directly.


Android Emulator is a software application that enables you to run Android apps and games on a PC by emulating Android OS. There are many free Android emulators available on the internet. However, emulators consume many system resources to emulate an OS and run apps on it. So it is advised that you check the minimum and required system requirements of an Android emulator before you download and install it on your PC.


Below you will find how to install and run COC Loot Forecaster on PC:



  
Firstly, download and install an Android emulator to your PC

  
Download COC Loot Forecaster APK to your PC

  
Open COC Loot Forecaster APK using the emulator or drag and drop the APK file into the emulator to install the app.

  
If you do not want to download the APK file, you can install COC Loot Forecaster PC by connecting your Google account with the emulator and downloading the app from the play store directly.




If you follow the above steps correctly, you should have the COC Loot Forecaster ready to run on your Windows PC or MAC. In addition, you can check the minimum system requirements of the emulator on the official website before installing it. This way, you can avoid any system-related technical issues.


Download COC Loot Forecaster For PC
