Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Company of Heroes Mod APK 1.3.3RC2 Free Download (Unlimited Money)


Company of Heroes is the critically-acclaimed and enduringly popular World War II game that redefined real-time strategy with a compelling combination of fast-moving campaigns, dynamic combat environments, and advanced squad-based tactics.


Developer
Feral Interactive Updated
Nov 16, 2022 Size
31MB Version
1.3.4RC2 Requirements
9 Downloads
50,000+ Get it on 


Report this app


Images


Description


Download Company of Heroes Mod APK latest version 1.3RC8 + OBB free for Android and enjoy this strategy-based World War 2 game against various threats.


 
  Name Company of Heroes  Compatible with VARY  Latest version 1.3RC8  Developer Feral Interactive  Google play link com.feralinteractive.companyofheroes_android  Price Free  Size 31M  MOD Yes  Category Strategy    



In the game, it’s like the war on Germany has begun. The player needs to take his/her troops out into the battlefield.


Furthermore, the player is in charge of commanding their every action. Failure to do so is NOT an option. Quickly hit the download button provided in this article to download Company of Heroes Mod APK for Android and enjoy a high-stakes strategy game for mobile devices.


Description of Company of Heroes Mod APK


Company of Heroes is the critically-acclaimed and endearingly popular World War II game that redefined real-time strategy with a compelling combination of fast-moving campaigns, dynamic combat environments, and advanced squad-based tactics.


The battlefield is fierce, and you need to use everything in your arsenal to bring your men back home in one piece!


Command two crack companies of American soldiers and direct an intense campaign in the European Theater of Operations starting with the D-Day Invasion of Normandy.


However, the developers of Company of Heroes Mod APK featured an intuitive user interface for the rapid execution of advanced real-time tactics in the heat of battle.


Great Features in Company of Heroes Mod APK


For anyone who may rethink installing the game, DON’T! You need to try out all of the different features. With all of these additions, anyone would be addicted to testing this game.


Here are the extra features of the game that keep you playing:


1. A MASTERPIECE BROUGHT TO MOBILE: One of the real-time strategy’s most celebrated games redesigned for Android. From the new Command Wheel to flexible barbed wire placement, play using features built specifically for mobile gaming.


2. FROM D-DAY TO THE FALAISE POCKET: Direct squads of US troops against the mighty German Wehrmacht through 15 gritty missions based on some of the most challenging fightings of World War II.


3. SHAPE THE BATTLEFIELD, WIN THE BATTLE: Destructible environments let you exploit the battlefield to your best advantage.


4. IMMERSIVE VISUALS: High-resolution graphics optimized for a range of Android devices.


5. BUY ONCE AND STAY IN COMMAND: The full classic desktop game, with one payment and no in-app purchases.


Graphics


The game looks great, too. You’ll be able to enjoy the challenging gameplay along with the awesome console-style graphics. Sure, they’re not modern console-style, but they’re impressive nonetheless. This makes the game much more immersive and will give you an overall better gameplay experience.


Additionally, the different models, like tanks and soldiers, are high quality and keep the immersion. You’ll feel as if you are the head commander of the ensuing battle.


Company of Heroes Mod APK requires 5.2GB of free space, Android 9.0 (Pie) or later, and is officially supported on the following devices:



  
Google Pixel 2 or better

  
Samsung Galaxy S8 or better

  
Samsung Galaxy Note8 or better

  
OnePlus 5T / 6T / 7 / 8

  
Sony Xperia 1 / XZ2 Compact

  
HTC U12+

  
LG V30+

  
Motorola Moto Z2 Force

  
Nokia 8

  
Razer Phone

  
Xiaomi Mi 6 / Mi 9 / Mi 9T

  
Xiaomi Pocophone F1

  
Xiaomi Redmi Note 8 Pro




If your device is not referenced above but you are still able to purchase the Company of Heroes, your device should be capable of running the game but is not officially supported.


To avoid disappointment, devices that are not capable of running the Company of Heroes are automatically blocked from purchasing it.


So for best performance, it is recommended that you restart your device after the first installation, and keep other applications closed when playing.


How to Download Company of Heroes Mod APK


To download the latest version of, the Company of Heroes Mod APK follow the instructions below:



  
Make sure that you allow unknown sources in your Android settings is enabled.

  
Locate the Apk file from the Android storage.

  
Tap on it for installation to commence.

  
Once the installation completes, go to the Android menu and lunch the App.




Conclusion


Download Company of Heroes Mod APK Latest Version Free for Android now! Enjoy this strategy-based World War 2 game against various threats.


Company of Heroes APK + MOD (Unlocked) v1.3RC8


If you want to download the latest version of Company of Heroes APK, then you must come to apkmody. In apkmody you can download Company of Heroes Mod APK v1.1.1RC5-android for free. Next is a detailed introduction about Company of Heroes Mod APK v1.1.1RC5-android.


Company of Heroes Mod APK Free Download


Company of Heroes Mod APK is the PRO version of Company of Heroes APK. By using the Company of Heroes Mod APK, you can easily complete any tasks and requirements in it. Often you need to spend a lot of time or money to get rewards easily, but by using Company of Heroes Mod APK, you often achieve your goals in a very short time. Company of Heroes Mod APK is a great way for you to outshine your competition. Now in apkmody you can download Company of Heroes APK v1.1.1RC5-android for free. This process doesn't cost anything, and you can use it with confidence.


Company of Heroes APK Download with Apkmody


If you don't want to download the Company of Heroes mod APK version, you can also easily download the Company of Heroes APK in Apkmody. apkmody will update the Company of Heroes APK version in the fastest time. Users can easily update Company of Heroes APK without downloading Google Play.


Company of Heroes APK v1.1.1RC5-android 2023 Features


Company of Heroes is the critically-acclaimed and enduringly popular World War II game that redefined real-time strategy with a compelling combination of fast-moving campaigns, dynamic combat environments, and advanced squad-based tactics. Command two crack companies of American soldiers and direct an intense campaign in the European Theater of Operations starting with the D-Day Invasion of Normandy. Tailored to and optimised for Android, Company of Heroes features an intuitive user interface for rapid execution of advanced real-time tactics in the heat of battle.A MASTERPIECE BROUGHT TO MOBILEOne of real-time strategy’s most celebrated games redesigned for Android. From the new Command Wheel to flexible barbed wire placement, play using features built specifically for mobile gaming.FROM D-DAY TO THE FALAISE POCKETDirect squads of US troops against the mighty German Wehrmacht through 15 gritty missions based on some of the most challenging fighting of World War II.SHAPE THE BATTLEFIELD, WIN THE BATTLEDestructible environments let you exploit the battlefield to your best advantage.IMMERSIVE VISUALSHigh-resolution graphics optimised for a range of Android devices.OPPOSING FRONTS NOW AVAILABLE VIA IN-APP PURCHASELead the British 2nd Army and German Panzer Elite in two full-length campaigns, and command both armies in Skirmish mode.---Company of Heroes requires 5.2GB of free space, Android 9.0 (Pie) or later, and is officially supported on the following devices. A further 1.5GB of free space is required to install the Opposing Fronts expansion pack. 750MB of free space is required to install the Tales of Valor expansion pack. • Asus ROG Phone 2• Google Pixel 2 or better • Huawei Honor 10• Huawei Mate 20 • HTC U12+ • LG V30+ • Motorola Moto Z2 Force • Motorola Moto G 5G Plus • Motorola Moto G100 • Nokia 8 • OnePlus 5T / 6T / 7 / 8 / 8T / 9• One Plus Nord / Nord N10 5G• Oppo Reno4 Z 5G• Razer Phone • Samsung Galaxy S8 or better • Samsung Galaxy Note8 or better • Samsung Galaxy A51 • Samsung Galaxy Tab S4 / S6 / S7• Sony Xperia 1 / XZ2 Compact • Vivo NEX S • Xiaomi Mi 6 / 9 / 9T / 9 Se / 10T Lite / 11 Lite• Xiaomi Pocophone F1 • Xiaomi Poco X3 NFC / X3 Pro• Xiaomi Redmi Note 8 / 8 Pro / 9S / Note 10If your device is not referenced above but you are still able to purchase Company of Heroes, your device should be capable of running the game but is not officially supported. To avoid disappointment, devices that are not capable of running Company of Heroes are automatically blocked from purchasing it.For best performance it is recommended that you restart your device after first installation, and keep other applications closed when playing. ---Supported Languages: English, Czech, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Polish, Russian, Spanish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese---© SEGA. All rights reserved. Originally developed by Relic Entertainment Inc. SEGA, the SEGA logo and Relic Entertainment are either registered trademarks or trademarks of SEGA Corporation. Developed for and published on Android by Feral Interactive Ltd. Android is a trademark of Google LLC. Feral and the Feral logo are trademarks of Feral Interactive Ltd. All other trademarks, logos and copyrights are property of their respective owners.


How to download and install Company of Heroes Mod APK 1.1.1RC5-android


To download Company of Heroes mod from Apkmody.io.


You need to enable the "Unknown Sources" option.


1. Click the Download button at the top of the page to download the Company of Heroes MOD APK.


2. Save the file in your device's download folder.


3. Now click on the downloaded Company of Heroes file to install it and wait for the installation to complete.


4. Once it is done, open the game and start playing immediately.
