Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Cooking Fever Mod Apk (Hack Unlimited diamonds, money)


Cooking Fever Mod Apk 18.0.0 (Hack, Unlimited diamonds, money) Original normal version + mod and hacked version (infinite diamonds and money)

  APP INFO: Cooking Fever Mod Apk   MOD Features infinite diamonds and money  Category Mod Games  Size 129MB  Version V18.0.0  Requires Android 5.0  Get it on Google Play   

Cooking Fever Mod Apk Hack infinite diamonds and money is an addictive game made by Nordcurrent game company, in this game you can choose a place from 10 different places and manage and run your oriental restaurant with all the enthusiasm and excitement.


Join Michelle on her cooking adventure as you play the world-famous cooking game on your phone. Start by opening your first candy shop, where you’ll serve your customers tasty and sweet treats. Please everyone’s sweet tooth and take the time to make your recipes better. You should grow your businesses and open more restaurants with different themes. Find out everything you need to know about this amazing game as we take a close look at it in our reviews.


Story


In the game, the player goes on a journey with a hardworking cook as she tries to build a successful food empire. Start with one restaurant, and as you learn more about cooking, you’ll be able to open more as time goes on. Try out different kinds of food and have a good time doing your favorite job.


Make your restaurant look the way you want it to, and add new features to bring in more customers. Over 500 different recipes will help you learn about the art of cooking. Learn how to cook right and try making changes to your favorite dishes to make something new.


So, if you don’t know how to cook yet, don’t worry. The game will introduce you to a full cooking simulation where you can learn, try out, and have fun while cooking.


Features


Here is a list of all the cool things the game has to offer:


Find out about all the good and common ingredients


In Cooking Fever, players can learn everything they need to know about ingredients to start their cooking careers. Learn about more than 200 different kinds of ingredients by finding out how they taste, what they can be used for, and how to master them. Cooking Fever is a fun way to learn more about the basics of cooking.


Get new recipes and write them down in a note.


In this game, you also learn how to make different kinds of food. Get access to some of the best recipes from the most well-known cooks in the world. Use the given ingredients to try out more than 500 different recipes. Use your new dishes to make some delicious dinners.


Time-management games that are addicting


With Cooking Fever, players can also play a fun and addicting time-management game in which they have to keep track of the time. Don’t take too long to seat your customers, and don’t make them wait too long. Get hooked on the epic cooking game as your businesses start to do well.


Unlock new places as you learn more about cooking.


The best thing about Cooking Fever is that it introduces players to big maps where they can go from one place to another.


Restaurants in the city: To start, take over the city by opening all the restaurants. Have your own Fast Food Court to learn about fast food. In your Bakery, you can sell sweets. In a Chinese restaurant, you can learn about the culture of China. In an Indian Diner, the food should be made in an Indian style. Sometimes it’s a good idea to go to a pizza place and get some pizza. In the Seafood Bistro, you can choose the seafood you like best. Get some coffee in the morning at the Breakfast Café. The Sushi Restaurant is a good place to learn about Japanese food. And finally, go to a Gourmet Restaurant to eat the best food.


With the city in the background, you’ll be able to go to the beautiful islands. Start with your Ice Cream Bar and then move on to your Paradise Cocktail Bar. Use your Corn Dog Van to learn about American culture. Try the freshly made Café Mexicana. In House of Crab, you can learn about seafood. In Sunset Waffles, you can spend time baking. With your Thai Food Stall, you can try Asian street food. Or, try the western-style Sandwich Shop. And finally, let’s go to a Sirtaki Taverna and get drunk.


Alpine Mountain Restaurants: Go to your dream place and start a business in the beautiful snow mountains. While you eat some tasty meat from the Smokey Grill BBQ, you can enjoy the view. On top of the mountain, you can try an Italian-style buffet. Head to the salad bar to be green. In Michelle’s Café, you can get some good coffee. Or try Michelle’s Confectionery for something sweet.


Play through levels that are very fun and rewarding


The game has more than 900 different levels that are fun to play. As you go to different places, you’ll have the chance to learn more about the game’s deep gameplay. You can also choose the right level of difficulty for your skills right now. If you finish your levels, you’ll get prizes that are worth a lot.


Upgrade your kitchen appliances and decorate your restaurants


Spend your time learning how to upgrade your kitchen appliances and decorate your beautiful restaurant as you explore the deep kitchen management gameplay. Unlock more ways to cook and get more people to come to your restaurant. Use your creativity and sense of style to decorate your restaurant the way you want to.


What is Cooking Fever Mod Apk?


Cooking Fever Mod Apk is a modified version of the popular mobile game Cooking Fever that has been altered to offer users additional features, such as unlimited coins and gems, improved gameplay, and access to premium content for free.


Playing is free.


At the moment, all Android users can play the game for free. That means you can easily download it and put it on your devices. And if you have enough patience, the in-app purchases and ads won’t be too bad.


With our mods, you can play the full and satisfying game.


Still, we have just the thing for people who want to speed up their game. Download our Cooking Fever Mod APK file and install it on your device to get unlimited game time and the ability to buy things in the game. Get whatever you want and grow your restaurant chains as much as you can. The best part is that you won’t have to pay anything for that.


Features of Cooking Fever Mod Apk Android game:


More than 400 different dishes and 160 ingredients 
There are 10 unique places: bakery, fast food, Chinese restaurant, pizzeria, seafood, Indian restaurant, breakfast cafe, Japanese restaurant, ice cream shop and drink station, with more places to come! 
More than 400 different stages 
Hundreds of different levels to upgrade kitchen appliances 
And …


Quality of sight and sound


Graphics


Cooking Fever has simple, easy-to-understand graphics that help you learn about all the parts of running a restaurant. Cook tasty food and spend time drooling over how real your dishes look. You also feel like a real chef in a five-star restaurant because the cooking mechanics are so realistic.


Sound/Music


Cooking Fever is a fun and relaxing game where you can listen to beautiful soundtracks and music that fits the theme.


Cooking Fever Mod Apk New version changes


Travel back in time to the Middle Ages and discover dishes fit for kings and queens in a new, exciting restaurant! 
Complete the new challenge mode in the Fruity Igloo! 
Various minor changes and balance improvements to make your gaming experience better. 
Make sure your game is up-to-date so you can enjoy all of the new and improved features! 
Join our growing Facebook community for contests, news, and more!


Mod Apk (Hackded) Version Required Blew: 

  Android Version Version numbers Version API level Version Release date  Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0 – 4.0.4 14 – 15 October 18, 2011  Jelly Bean 4.1 – 4.3.1 16 – 18 July 9, 2012  KitKat 4.4 – 4.4.4 19 – 20 October 31, 2013  Lollipop 5.0 – 5.1.1 21- 22 November 12, 2014  Marshmallow 6.0 – 6.0.1 23 October 5, 2015  Nougat 7.0 24 August 22, 2016  Nougat 7.1.0 – 7.1.2 25 October 4, 2016  Oreo 8.0 26 August 21, 2017  Oreo 8.1 27 December 5, 2017  Pie 9.0 28 August 6, 2018  Android 10 10.0 29 September 3, 2019  Android 11 11 30 September 8, 2020   

Download Cooking Fever Mod Apk and install “The Steps”


First, you must uninstall the Cooking Fever Play store version (if you installed it).


Then, download our go Cooking Fever Mod Apk from our website.


Then hit the download button and download it. After downloading, you must find the file and install our Cooking Fever Mod Apk.


 Pay Attention: you must enable “Unknown Sources” (see screenshot below) to install Mod Apk outside the Play store.


After installing, launch and enjoy the Our Mod.


Please tell your family and friends about this.


Is it safe to download and install Cooking Fever Mod Apk from our website?


This Cooking Fever Hack Apk is 100% safe and easy to use because this mod was verified by our team and our anti-malware system and no viruses or malware were detected. This antivirus system includes ALO (an American web portal and online service provider based in New York City), Active Virus Shield,Avast,Clam AntiVirus System, and many more. Our Anti-Malware System filters Mod Apk and categorizes them using our framework. Therefore, this application is 100% safe and easy to install on our website.


For people who like to cook, Cooking Fever is a great place to learn about new recipes and the best game to enjoy the art of running a restaurant. Show your customers your best dishes, and they’ll be sure to come back for more.


Also, with our modded version, you can play the game for free and without any restrictions. Get everything you want without paying for it.


Download Cooking Fever MOD APK For Android and iOS (2023 Updated)


Latest Cooking Fever MOD APK Unlimited Coins and Gems (2023 Updated)


Cooking fever is the most challenging game/APP. Players can earn coins and upgrade their kitchens.


Cooking fever (2023 Updated) mod apk unlimited coins and gems are cooking imitate mobile game developed by Nordcurrent, a Lithuanian game developing and publishing company. Download cooking fever apk mod latest version no jailbreak from given links.


Latest Cooking Fever MOD APK Unlimited Coins and Gems


This cooking fever mod apk unlimited coins and gems is a 100 percent working game for all platforms like android and ios. If you want to get 99999999 coins and gems then you are in right place. Before going to download this game you should read Cooking Fever Guide & Secrets


Cooking Fever is a simulation game that allows the greatest cook to come. You have a task as the owner and also the waitress who serves everything that your customers want to eat or drink.


This type of game is classified as a time management and strategy game that needs your strategy to make your restaurant successful. There are many games of cooking, but the great thing that makes this cooking fever unlimited coins and gems different is its ocular effects that you can see in this cooking game. The effects of this game can make the player more interested in playing every day.


However, this kind of game is very fascinating. You must think faster at each level than you have succeeded. Levels of this game grow harder, though there are many new things you need to think about to finish the level. This is why this game has a lot of players because of its hardness to play.


The hardness you get will not only come from one thing, but also from the mood of the customers, the comfort of your place, the time to serve your customers, and also the varieties of food and facilities that you offer to the customers. To get these, you will need coins and gems to make sure your customer’s needs exist in your restaurant.


Download [100% Working] Cooking Fever MOD APK (2023 Updated)


You can generate in cooking fever mod apk unlimited coins and gems by downloading this game from the given links. If you want to get unlimited coins and gems then you are in the right place. After all, there are some tips that you can use to make the game easier to play.


There are cooking fever mod apk tricks that can create some ease at the end of each level in the game. Cooking Fever mod apk unlimited coins and gems, usually, makes your coins and gems grow faster, or even become unlimited. This is what we are trying to offer now, which is to make the game easier to play.


With your unlimited coins and gems, you must always think about which things to get or which things to upgrade. Having this cooking fever mod apk unlimited coins and gems in your game will help you solve the problem you have.


You have to open a restaurant in the city. There are a lot of customers every time. You have to speed up your cooking and serve all tasty dishes to your hungry customers. Time management games improve your accuracy and speed. Gather all the elements and satisfy the appetite of your hungry customers. Take your cooking fever unlimited coins and gems to a whole new level. Cook the delicious food, serve the orders on time, and make your customers happy.


All levels of cooking ever unlimited coin and gems include amazing cooking and serving challenges. The fantastic challenge to make delicious burgers, fries, chickens, juices, coffee, cola, hot dogs and so much more. Claim yourself as the master cook and manage the restaurant on your own.


Cooking Fever MODED APK Unlimited Gems + Coins in (2023 Updated)


This cooking fever mod apk unlimited coins and gems will improve some of the installations in the game. For example, you can improve the kitchen itself, to make the cooking process much faster than usual.


The other things are to improve the restaurant itself. The Cooking Fever mod apk unlimited coins and gems allow you to have lots of coins to get a lot of new things. By having some new installations at the beginning level, it will make your game easier to finish, faster and better.


What can you do after downloading the cooking fever mod apk updated free version:



  
unlimited coins and gems:

  
Improve your food.

  
Improve your kitchen.

  
Improve your restaurant.

  
get more utensils.




You do not need to think about the facial expression and mood of the client.


You can finish the game faster and easier.


In the Cooking Fever mod apk unlimited coins and gems, you start your own little restaurant. Your mission is to serve your clients as fast as you could reasonably expect. As a cook, you’ll have the ability to work in a variety of extraordinary areas, from everything from oysters to Mexican dishes. Make use of all the distinctive gear accessible from cola machines to the wine container. There are many dishes to study and over a hundred stars to use.


There are many things you can do to make your restaurant more attractive to customers. Maybe you can offer your customers free chips or sweets for kids for free? On the other hand, perhaps you want to spend your coins on luxury furniture to give your customers a royal affair, there are a variety of approaches to make your restaurant totally exceptional and exotic.


As your restaurant receives more and more customers, you will probably notice that it is so difficult to stay on top of all the requests. That’s why it’s essential to reliably update your kitchen appliances so you can get enough food ready on time and keep your customers happy.


By using our Cooking Fever mod apk unlimited coins and gems, you can get an opportunity to get unlimited coins and gems. These benefits will make you more enjoyable to play this game. When you will use these coins and gems in the best way, you will not face any bad mood or negative facial expressions of your customers. In conclusion, you can have an easier game on our site, but still, have great experience in this number one cooking simulation game.


 Cooking Fever Mod Apk Updated (2023 Updated)


Download free and original cooking fever apk mod unlimited gold coins and gems. This is a 100% working cooking fever mod apk for android and ios unlimited money version.


Download the Latest version of Cooking Fever mod Apk (Unlimited Money, Coins) for your android ios devices from our site with a direct link. It is very easy to install and doesn’t hang. It runs smoothly on all devices.


Cooking Fever is a game where you cook food and manage different types of restaurants. You must serve your customers as quickly as possible, making sure that your customer goes from your restaurants happy and satisfied.


By downloading our latest version of cooking fever mod apk you can get unlimited coins and gems. When you have more coins and gems then you can manage or complete your tasks with great ease. You can manage your time and serve your customers easily and on time.


In our latest version of Cooking Fever mod apk, you can run different types of restaurants. You have a choice of unique locations for your restaurants. You will cook many tasty meals in our free addictive time-management game.


Features


You can cook many dishes to cook using 150 ingredients, several upgrades for the kitchen, the choice to decorate your restaurants with appliances. You have a chance to get unlimited coins and gems in our cooking fever mod apk latest version.


More than 300 levels to complete. Many facilities are available to make your kitchen upgrade.


Cooking Fever mod apk latest version is definitely a great arcade app for Android and IOS. You’ll love playing this cooking fever mod apk android for sure, and we really believe you’ll enjoy it for long hours at home, at school, in the metro, or anywhere you go with your smartphone or tablet.


Unlimited Everything For Free in 2023


Get latest cooking fever APK + MOD free 100% working version on all android and ios devices. Find cooking fever cheats and hacks unlimited money, gems, and coins and cook well.


The cooking fever mod apk unlimited money and gems for are very popular and millions of players around the world would be happy to get it without any payment. And we can help you! To download the game for free from our site. In our cooking fever mod apk unlimited money and gems, you can generate easily unlimited money and gems.


This money and gems would help to achieve your goals in a game and you will become a great player. With this unlimited money and gems, you can make your customer happy and satisfied. You can make your kitchen more attractive to customers so they can wait for more for the completion of their order. In this way, you would not see their bad facial expressions or mood.


Decorate your restaurant with VIP chairs, TV, and more interior appliances and all this will possible with unlimited money and gems which you can get easily from our cooking fever mod apk unlimited money and gems.


Make delicious food and dishes in this addictive time dominating game. With an option of several unique sites. You will be able to implement your skills in a diversity of settings and cooking mechanism. You can use many ingredients to cook a hundred of mouth-watering dishes.


Use all the appliances of the kitchen like coffee makers, cookers, pizza ovens, popcorn makers and cola dispenser. Adorn your restaurants to enchant more customers. Make your own dishes, such as cookies or cupcakes, to make the experience of your customer more distinctive and unforgettable. Just like in real life! Renovate your kitchen and even produce a greater variety of dishes.


Download Cooking Fever MOD APK (2023 Updated) For Android


Available latest and original cooking fever apk mod 100% working for all Android devices. Download free cooking fever mod apk unlimited money, coins, and gems for android. Download it and improve your kitchen.


Cooking Fever mod apk is a fun game of cooking different delicious meals with simple and addictive gameplay, along with a great environment. Our cooking fever mod apk is 100% working and free for all android versions. This game is all about cooking delicious food for customers.


You can cook more than 400 dishes with the help of several ingredients. It is totally time management game. If you love to become a professional chef or want to have a restaurant of your own then this game is perfect for you. In this cooking fever mod apk android, you will get 9999999 coins and gems.


By having unlimited coins and gems you have a great chance to win the game. With the help of coins, you can upgrade your kitchen with appliances for your restaurants and utensils for your kitchen.


Cooking Fever mod apk android – enhance your skills by cooking delicious meals for clients at different locations and cafes. Do not make your clients wait too long! Start your fascinating journey as a chef by feeling yourself as an owner of cafes or restaurants around the world in this cooking fever mod apk Android game.


Prepare a variety of dishes, including burgers, popcorn, hotdogs, and cola. Be careful, use the right ingredients and accurately fulfill customer orders. Purchase various equipment to improve your kitchen and restaurant with the help of coins you get from your customers. Prepare some free dishes like muffins or cupcakes for kids or to attract more customers.


Cooking Fever Mod Apk Android Features



  
Different locations for restaurants.

  
Over 400 recipes to cook.

  
Food Ingredients are more than 100.

  
More than 300 levels.

  
Upgradation for kitchen and restaurants.

  
Get tip from clients.

  
Have a chance to discover unlimited coins and gems.




Requirements



  
Android version required: 4.0.3 and higher versions of Android smartphones and tablets

  
Required storage space: 48 MB or more

  
APK ID: com.nordcurrent.canteenhd




Download Cooking Fever MOD APK For iOS (2023 Updated)


Download cooking fever hack cheats unlimited gems and gold coins 100% APK MOD for iPhone devices. Get 100% free and working cooking fever apk for IOS [iPad, iPod] and have your own restaurant.


Cooking fever mod apk is perfect for all iOS versions. By downloading cooking fever mod apk android from our site you can find unlimited coins and gems. When you discover unlimited coins and gems then you can easily complete all tasks without any difficulty.


In our cooking fever mod apk iOS, you cook savory food and pastries. This is a free addictive time control game. You have preferences of different particular locations like an oyster bar, oriental restaurants, or fast food bars. In cooking fever mod apk iOS you have to use your abilities and skills to manage the time when you are cooking food and serve your customers. By discovering unlimited coins and gems you can purchase all kitchen types of equipment without spending a single penny.


In the beginning, you can only serve customers at a burger place, but as you advance in the game by getting more coins and gems, you can unlock new types of restaurants like pizza bars, bakeries, and restaurants. You have over 400 different kinds of meals, including hamburgers, hot dogs, pizza, soft drinks, etc to serve your customers. It is very simple to serve your customers.


When a customer comes to your restaurant his/her order is shown above the head of a customer that what he/she wants to eat or order. Make the order of customer quickly by using all the facilities you have in your kitchen. In our cooking fever mod apk iOS, you have more chances to get unlimited gems and coins and more chances to win the game.


Requirements



  
Compatibility Requires iOS 8.0 or later.

  
Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.

  
Seller: Nordcurrent Ltd

  
Size: 98.4 MB




Cooking Fever APK + MOD (Unlimited Coins/Gems) v18.0.1


If you want to download the latest version of Cooking Fever APK, then you must come to apkmody. In apkmody you can download Cooking Fever Mod APK v17.0.1 for free. Next is a detailed introduction about Cooking Fever Mod APK v17.0.1.


Cooking Fever Mod APK Free Download


Cooking Fever Mod APK is the PRO version of Cooking Fever APK. By using the Cooking Fever Mod APK, you can easily complete any tasks and requirements in it. Often you need to spend a lot of time or money to get rewards easily, but by using Cooking Fever Mod APK, you often achieve your goals in a very short time. Cooking Fever Mod APK is a great way for you to outshine your competition. Now in apkmody you can download Cooking Fever APK v17.0.1 for free. This process doesn't cost anything, and you can use it with confidence.


Cooking Fever APK Download with Apkmody


If you don't want to download the Cooking Fever mod APK version, you can also easily download the Cooking Fever APK in Apkmody. apkmody will update the Cooking Fever APK version in the fastest time. Users can easily update Cooking Fever APK without downloading Google Play.


Cooking Fever APK v17.0.1 2023 Features


Cook delicious meals and desserts in your very own restaurant and discover different cuisines from all over the world in this addictive time-management game! 👩‍🍳 With a wide choice of unique locations and restaurants, from sweet desserts 🍰 to mouth-watering burgers 🍔, from Chinese 🥢 to Indian cuisines 🍛, you will practice your cooking skills in a variety of different kitchens and learn unique food preparation techniques from all over the world! 🌎 Unlock hundreds of delicious recipes to prepare and serve in your very own restaurant. 🍳 Try out all the possible kitchen appliances, from coffee machines and rice cookers to pizza ovens and popcorn makers. Decorate your restaurants to attract more clients. Serve your own freebies, such as cookies 🍪 or cupcakes 🧁, to make your customers’ experience more personal and memorable – just like in real life! Upgrade your kitchen and produce an even greater variety of dishes! 😍 Oh, and did we say that this game is as addictive and as engrossing as fever? Have fun cooking and don’t forget to share your delicious meals with your friends on Facebook! 🤗 Exciting features include: 🍔 Thousands of delicious dishes from countries all over the world! 🌮 Huge choice of world-famous cuisines! 🤩 Over 1000 levels to complete! 🖼️ Hundreds and hundreds of upgrades for your kitchen appliances and interior! 🏆 Tournaments & Challenges to participate in and win! Follow us to get the latest news and participate in giveaways! 👍🏻 On Facebook! https://www.facebook.com/CookingFeverGame 👍🏽 On Twitter! https://twitter.com/cookingfever 👍🏾 On Instagram! https://www.instagram.com/cookingfevergame/ 👍🏿 On YouTube! https://www.youtube.com/c/CookingFeverGame Got some trouble with the game, questions or ideas? 🤔 💌 Contact us here! https://www.nordcurrent.com/support/?gameid=1 📒 Privacy / Terms & Conditions https://www.nordcurrent.com/privacy/ ❗ IMPORTANT NOTE: Cooking Fever requires access to the internet in order to play. The game uses a small amount of data for features like our daily rewards, restoring lost game progress, tournaments, challenges, and other gameplay improvements.


How to download and install Cooking Fever Mod APK 17.0.1


To download Cooking Fever mod from Apkmody.io.


You need to enable the "Unknown Sources" option.


1. Click the Download button at the top of the page to download the Cooking Fever MOD APK.


2. Save the file in your device's download folder.


3. Now click on the downloaded Cooking Fever file to install it and wait for the installation to complete.


4. Once it is done, open the game and start playing immediately.
