Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Search Printable Coloring Worksheets


This princess crocodile coloring page features one beautiful and docile crocodile in her princess get up complete with a tiara and a string of pearls!


Make your kindergartener's day with this fun enchanted swamp fairy scene, complete with enchanted crocodile!


Search Printable Coloring Worksheets


These crocodile coloring pages are a great way to learn about crocodiles from all over the world. Have your daughter learn the difference between African crocodiles, American crocodiles, and Australian crocodiles! These printable coloring pages are educational and fun, so give them a try!


Educational Tools


Support


Connect


About


Making educational experiences better for everyone.


IXL


Comprehensive K-12 personalized learning


Rosetta Stone


Immersive learning for 25 languages


Wyzant


Trusted tutors for 300 subjects


Vocabulary.com


Adaptive learning for English vocabulary


ABCya


Fun educational games for kids


SpanishDict


Spanish-English dictionary, translator, and learning


Emmersion


Fast and accurate language certification


Copyright © 2023 Education.com, Inc, a division of IXL Learning • All Rights Reserved.


Free CROCODILE Coloring Pages & Book for Download (Printable PDF)


It’s highly likely for you to think of mean animals when you think of crocodiles. But, you’d be amazed to know that these animals don’t just attack humans. This is why crocodile coloring pages can make an interesting learning experience for your kids. You can have a lot of fun coloring in their strong jaws and their scaly skin. However, it’s important for your kids to learn more about these scary looking reptiles. You should keep on reading to find out more.


Welcome to our collection of free CROCODILE coloring pages. Click the Crocodile pictures or illustrations you like and you’ll be taken to the PDF download and/or print page. Every Crocodile coloring page is a printable PDF and/or can be downloaded.


Four crocodiles swimming in the swamp filled with lilies.


An illustration of a happy crocodile playing with a ball.


A fierce crocodile wearing rugged clothes while standing on its hind legs.


A cartoon illustration of a crocodile playing in the water.


An illustration of two crocodiles swimming and sitting on an island in the swamp.


Two cute crocodiles with one walking on the grass and the other swimming in the swamp.


A man wearing a snorkel swimming side by side with a crocodile.


A cartoon illustration of a crocodile wearing shorts, shirt and shoes while playing with a ball.


An illustration of a happy crocodile talking with a snail and a frog.


An illustration of a crocodile standing and looking at the river.


An illustration of a baby crocodile walking on the grass on a cloudy day.


An illustration of a crocodile riding on a ship with a rainbow in the background.


An illustration of a cute crocodile wearing beach shorts sitting and drinking soda on the beach.


An illustration of a happy crocodile sitting and smiling with a flying bat.


An cartoon illustration of a crocodile sitting on the grass near the coconut trees.


A cute crocodile riding a motorcycle with a trophy for the background.


An illustration of a young pirate holding a compass while running from a big crocodile.


An illustration of a crocodile walking along the river bank.


An illustration of a chubby baby crocodile looking at a dragon fly.


An illustration of a crocodile wearing snorkel while diving under the sea with an octopus and a fish.


An illustration of a turtle riding on top of a crocodile while swimming in the sea.


A cartoon illustration of a crocodile driving a small car to a camping site.


Crocodile Coloring Book (Free Download & Printable)


Get our free coloring book with 22 Crocodile coloring pages.


If you prefer individual coloring pages, see above.


What Does a Crocodile Look Like?


Have you ever noticed that crocodiles are covered in dry and scaly skin? Well, the thing is that they are cold-blooded animals. That means that they cannot control their body temperature to make themselves warmer. They also have a strong backbone. According to research, crocodiles have been around for millions of years. In fact, they have lived on earth ever since dinosaurs roamed the earth. This is why sometimes they are called “living fossils”.


They have very streamlined bodies that make it easy for them to slide through anything. In addition, this makes it simpler for crocodiles to slide in any water to catch their prey before it escapes. They can be massive in size, growing over 23 feet in length and weighing approximately 2000lbs. Crocodiles are huge reptiles.


Where Do They Live?


Since crocodiles are generally huge reptiles, they need to live in an area that has lots of water. Their body temperature makes it easy for them to live in different types of environments. But they need to live in areas that are warm. This is why you usually find them in tropical regions such as Africa, Asia, Australia, North and South America.


Since they tend to enjoy living in tropical climates, they eat the food that is mostly found there. Things like frogs, fish, and other types of small animals. However, it depends on their size as well. For instance, the larger types can hunt for bigger animals like Buffalo, deer, or even wild boar.


How Do They Hunt?


Unlike alligators, crocodiles are very fast in both land and water. This is how they can ambush their prey and attack as soon as you get close. What makes them more dangerous is that they have excellent night vision and a very strong sense of smell. So, not only can they see you in the dark, but they can also smell you from miles away before you can even notice them. Another interesting thing about crocodiles that makes them very dangerous is that they have a very acidic stomach. This helps them to digest any bones, hooves, and even horns.


Quick Facts About Crocodiles



  
Even though they are considered dangerous predators, crocodiles are social in nature. They prefer to live near each other

  
They are very vocal. So, they communicate using different vocal sounds with each other. Moreover, they use various sounds that mean different things.

  
Their snouts are more pointed than alligators. Plus, their bottom and top jaws are the exact same size.

  
They can give off a hissing sound to tell each other if there’s a threat nearby.

  
The females use different vocal sounds when they are communicating with each other in comparison to when they’re talking to males.

