Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Four Secret ‘Destiny 2’ Emblem Codes From The Witch Queen Collector’s Edition


With Destiny 2’s Witch Queen expansion just over two weeks away now, players have finally started to get their Collector’s Editions of the game in the mail. This includes things like a Hive Ghost statue and a lore-packed Ikora journal, and naturally, r/raidsecrets spent a few hours extracting what they could from it. And what they found were (at least) four secret emblem codes hidden among the materials for new emblems.


The emblems are above, and the codes to unlock them for yourself are below (you do not have to own the Collector’s Edition yourself):



  
Sneer of the Oni: 6LJ-GH7-TPA

  
Countdown to Convergence: PHV-6LF-9CP

  
Shadow's Light: F99-KPX-NCF

  
Liminal Nadir: VA7-L7H-PNC




You redeem them on the Bungie Rewards site here. Once you redeem them they will be in the “General” emblem section of Collections. They will not flash or anything, they’ll just be there.


Now, are there secrets within the secret emblems? Not that I can see, though I find myself wondering about the Oni-themed one, though I imagine it may just be a reference to Bungie’s old game of that name.


Best Travel Insurance Companies


Best Covid-19 Travel Insurance Plans


As for the rest of the Collector’s Edition, Ikora’s Journal probably has more lore inside it than the entire past year of content combined, pages and pages of interesting stuff. I am going to make a full video on my favorite bits of it later, but here are some of the highlights to look forward to (some consider this spoilers, but I don’t think this actually spoils anything from Witch Queen itself):



  
Discussing the morality of Ghosts, who are said to pity the Hive, duped by Darkness, implying Ghosts may have chosen to start resurrecting Hive to some extent.

  
Elaborate discussions on the concept and physical makeup of Stasis, including a section that talks about how Stasis has grown less effective against Guardians in time, making PvP Stasis nerfs canon.

  
Talking about how the nature of the darkness suggests there is one singular “darkness bearer” as opposed to numerous lightbearers, which I believe is a tease for the “ultimate” singular enemy of the Light and Dark saga, yet to be revealed.

  
Ikora and Zavala have many conversations, one of which ends in each suggesting the other marry Caiatl in order to secure the alliance with the Cabal.




As I said, a lot of great stuff in there. I’ll dig into it later, but I highly suggest you read the entire journal here.


Anyway, those are your emblem codes and some are cool enough for me to get me to take my fashion emblem off for a while at least. I’m sure we’ll unlock more emblems when Witch Queen itself launches, but no point not continuing to build up your collection now.


How to Claim a Code


You can add codes to your Blizzard account through the website or through the Battle.net App. This includes game keys, Blizzard Balance codes, game time codes, gift codes, pets and mounts, and promotional codes.


Claim Your Code on the Website


To claim a code on the website:


Claim Your Code on the App


To claim a code on the Battle.net App:



  
From the BattleTag, click the drop-down and select Redeem a Code button found above the Log out button

  
From the Shop tab, click Services and then Redeem a Code




Limitations and Restrictions



  
Some codes have regional restrictions. You cannot use a code that doesn't belong to your region.

  
A code can only be claimed once & once claimed, cannot be sold, traded, gifted, etc.

  
Some codes must be activated by the cashier before they work. For example, Blizzard Balance purchased in a shop.

  
Some codes must be claimed before their expiration date. For example, promotional codes.

  
Item or pet codes distributed prior to BlizzCon 2009 and all World of Warcraft Trading Card Game item codes must be redeemed through the World of Warcraft Promotion Code Retrieval page.

