Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Items


There are a wide variety of items in Descenders. They are all strictly cosmetic and do not offer any performance or bike bonuses. All items are obtained in various manners. All work with each of the three bike types.


Items are colour-coded by their rarity and unlock method; to determine what rarity an item is, check the background.



  
Limited Skins: Yellow (with some exceptions)

  
Team Skins: Grey

  
Common Skins: White

  
Uncommon Skins: Green

  
Rare Skins: Blue

  
Extraordinary Skins: Purple




If any items are marked with these symbols, they are not available on that particular version of the game:



  
- not available on the Steam version of the game

  
- not available on the Xbox/PC Game Pass version of the game

  
- not available on the PS4 version of the game

  
- not available on the Switch version of the game




In the case of the console versions, it is highly inadvisable to attempt to redeem item codes for items if they are not yet implemented in those versions.


To find a specific item easier, use your browser's search function (typically CTRL+F) and enter the name of the item (or part of it, in some cases).


Contents



  
1 List of items

  
1.1 Limited Skins

  
1.1.1 Secret Code

  
1.1.1.1 Nations

  
1.1.1.2 Pride

  
1.1.1.3 MOTY 2019

  
1.1.1.4 Custom Gear

  
1.1.1.5 Non-limited items unlockable via code



  
1.1.2.1 General

  
1.1.2.2 Descenders Set

  
1.1.2.3 Descenders Legendary Set

  
1.1.2.4 Descenders Master Set

  
1.1.2.5 Special Events

  
1.1.2.6 Tournaments/MOTY 2020

  
1.1.2.6.1 Limited Items



  
1.1.2.11.1 Developer Sets

  
1.1.2.11.2 Lux

  
1.1.2.11.3 The Mischief Tour



  
1.2.1 Community Sets

  
1.2.2 Rank Skins

  
1.2.3 Special Events



  
1.3.1 Common Skins

  
1.3.1.1 Bikes

  
1.3.1.2 Ether Sets

  
1.3.1.3 Mohawks

  
1.3.1.4 Denim Pants

  
1.3.1.5 Animal Costumes

  
1.3.1.6 Miscellaneous



  
1.3.2.1 Camo Helmets

  
1.3.2.2 T2 Bikes

  
1.3.2.3 FortyTwo Sets

  
1.3.2.4 Fade Helmets

  
1.3.2.5 Lynx Bikes

  
1.3.2.6 Community Items

  
1.3.2.6.1 Hipwood

  
1.3.2.6.2 Other Goggles



  
1.3.3.1 Camo+ Helmets

  
1.3.3.2 Carbon Helmets

  
1.3.3.3 T3 Bikes

  
1.3.3.4 Newline Bikes

  
1.3.3.5 Sukurabu Bikes

  
1.3.3.6 FortyTwo Sets

  
1.3.3.7 Foodz Shirts

  
1.3.3.8 Polka Dots Sets

  
1.3.3.9 Lux Reflectors

  
1.3.3.10 Community Items

  
1.3.3.10.1 Sets

  
1.3.3.10.2 Hipwood

  
1.3.3.10.3 Other Bikes



  
1.3.4.1 High Rollers Set

  
1.3.4.2 FortyTwo Rasta Set

  
1.3.4.3 Lux Sets

  
1.3.4.4 Bikes

  
1.3.4.5 Jersies

  
1.3.4.6 Action Henk Masks

  
1.3.4.7 Animal Costumes

  
1.3.4.8 Miscellaneous



  
1.4.1 Flags




List of items


The following is a list of items in the game, separated by rarity and unlock method.


A 'run' is defined as a Career or a Career-Plus session. The Daily Challenge (which is effectively a fixed seed for Career) also allows you the ability to unlock items. A Multiplayer Career session, while allowing for the ability to unlock items, changes up the scoring mechanics slightly by averaging the amount of reputation earned by all players in the lobby, before determining item drops.


No other sessions allow you to unlock items.


It's worth noting that although your chances increase the more rep you score in a run, unless you are directly hitting the 100% threshold an item of the targeted rarity is not guaranteed. It is entirely possible to score, for example, 200,000 rep in a run thrice in a row and yet not get any Extraordinary out of it due to bad luck.


Common skins require 200 rep in a run for a 20% chance, up to 1k+ rep in a run for a 100% chance.


Uncommon skins require 2k rep in a run for a 20% chance, up to 10k+ rep in a run for a 100% chance.


Rare skins require 10k rep in a run for a 20% chance, up to 50k+ rep in a run for a 100% chance.


Extraordinary Skins ( Purple )


Extraordinary skins require 50k rep in a run for a 20% chance, up to 250k+ rep in a run for a 100% chance.


Limited Skins


Secret Code


These items are unlocked by inputting a code under Extras --> Redeem Code. Codes are case-insensitive. Asterisks (*) denote additional notes related to the items below the table.


The MERRYCHRISTMAS code currently has known redemption issues; a game restart will fix the game.


Players might need to subscribe to their respective console's online subscription service in order to be able to redeem codes.


 
 Code Item Name Icon  ADMIRALCREEP AdmiralBulldog Jersey  DRAE Draegast Jersey  YEAHTHEBOYS Jackhuddo Jersey  SPEEDISKEY Jacksepticeye Jersey  MANFIST MANvsGAME Jersey  NLSS NLSS Jersey  SMILE RockLeeSmile Jersey  SODAG Sodapoppin Jersey  SPAM Spamfish Jersey  LOVE Flag Heart  SLASH Discord Bike  BUGGS Bay Area Buggs Jersey  FIREKITTEN Firekitten Jersey  SOMETHINGRAD Something Rad Jersey  SPOOPY Skeleton Jersey*  SPOOPY Skeleton Pants*  MERRYCHRISTMAS Kinetic Christmas Jersey*  MERRYCHRISTMAS Enemy Christmas Jersey*  MERRYCHRISTMAS Arboreal Christmas Jersey*  MERRYCHRISTMAS Descenders Christmas Jersey*  CIVRYAN CivRyan Jersey  ICEFOXX Cashcow Bell*  ICEFOXX Cashcow Bike*  ICEFOXX Cashcow Jersey*  ICEFOXX Cashcow Mask*  ICEFOXX Cashcow Pants*  TEAMRAZER #TeamRazer Jersey*  TEAMRAZER #TeamRazer Shorts*  TOASTY Toasty Ghost Jersey  FUNHAUS Funhaus Jersey  TABOR Sam Tabor Gaming Jersey  WARCHILD War Child Jersey*  WARCHILD War Child Shorts*  



*SPOOPY gives both the Skeleton Jersey and Pants with one code redemption; also, the items are classified as Uncommon instead of Limited. However, they cannot be obtained during a run. As these items cannot be obtained otherwise, they are displayed here instead of the Normal Skins section. 
*MERRYCHRISTMAS gives all 4 Christmas jerseys with one code redemption, and the team jerseys are classified as team items instead of Limited. As the team jerseys cannot be obtained via the standard team equipment methods, they are displayed here instead of the Team Skins section. 
*ICEFOXX gives all 5 items of the Cashcow set with one code redemption. 
*TEAMRAZER gives both the #TeamRazer jersey and shorts with one code redemption. 
*WARCHILD gives both the jersey and shorts with one code redemption. These items were previously obtained by playing the game during the War Child Sporting Champions event.


Nations


For the following group of items, one single code NATIONS gives all of these items. (The country names are not individual codes.)


 
 Country Helmet Goggles Jersey Pants  Canada  China  France  Germany  Japan  The Netherlands  South Africa  United Kingdom  USA  Wales  Australia  Finland  New Zealand  Portugal  Russia  Sweden  Estonia  Austria  Spain  



Pride


For the following group of items, one single code PRIDE gives all of these items. (The item names are not individual codes.)


The Rainbow Flag was originally classified as a normal item drop; it can still be obtained as a random drop in a normal Career session.


All flags also have white backgrounds denoting Common rarity items.


 
 Item name Icon  Rainbow Flag  Aromantic Flag  Asexual Flag  Bisexual Flag  Demisexual Flag  Gay Flag  Genderqueer Flag  Intersex Flag  Lesbian Flag  Nonbinary Flag  Pansexual Flag  Polyamory Flag  Transgender Flag  



MOTY 2019


The following items were designed by winners of the Descenders Mod of the Year 2019 competition. Note that Z50 Productions and Siro do not (currently?) have Mod of the Year gear.


 
 Code (Mod Creator) Gear Designer Helmet Goggles Jersey Pants Bike  SPE (Spe^)  DOGTORQUE (Dogtorque) Ovanny  KINGKRAUTZ  



^Stoker Bike Park now comes with the game itself; downloading the mod is no longer necessary. 


Custom Gear


To unlock multiple blank sets of Custom Gear (10 each of Goggles, Helmet, Jersey Long, Jersey Short, Pants, Shorts, and 25 Bikes), redeem the code CUSTOM. For full instructions on how to use your own custom gear, see the readme file in the CustomGear folder in the installation directory.


It's worth noting that this is marked as not being available on Xbox, PS4, and Switch for obvious reasons (the gear cannot be modded), but it is still possible to redeem the codes on Xbox and PS4 only for extra blank gear.


Non-limited items unlockable via code


The High Voltage Set (except the bike) and the Training Set can also be unlocked via the codes, in quotes, "HIGHVOLTAGE" and "STABLE". To view the item images, press CTRL+F in your browser and type the respective code, then search for a latter search result to jump to that section of the page. As these items are not classified as Limited, they are not displayed here.


Special Unlock


These items are unlocked by fulfilling special conditions in-game.


General

 Unlock Condition Item Name Icon  Get rekt Rusty  Skip the Highlands Boss by going under the bridge (press continue) Chicken Mask  Browse the list of mods and/or download a mod Mod.io Pants*  Browse the list of mods and/or download a mod Mod.io Jersey*  Ride to the candy bar grave in the hub and pay respects Foodz Candy Bar Jersey 

*You get the Mod.io pants and jersey simultaneously.


Descenders Set

 Unlock Condition Item Name Icon  Complete the Highlands boss jump for the first time Descenders Goggles  Complete the Forest boss jump for the first time Descenders Pants  Complete the Canyon boss jump for the first time Descenders Jersey  Complete the Peaks boss jump for the first time Descenders Helmet 

Descenders Legendary Set


Complete a full Career mode run for the full set.


 
 Helmet Goggles Jersey Pants   



Descenders Master Set


Complete a full Career-Plus mode run for the full set.


 
 Helmet Goggles Jersey Pants   



Special Events


These items are unlocked during special events. Items unlocked via developer-supplied codes are marked with an asterisk (*).


 
 Unlock Condition Item Name Icon  Played the Ascenders April Fool's Day 2018 build and completed Highlands Fool Jersey  Placed high enough in a Community Challenge*/Played the game on April Fool's Day 2020 Uwotmate Jersey  Played the game on April Fool's Day 2020 Jeroendumb Jersey  Played the game on April Fool's Day 2020 Lex Jersey  Played the game on April Fool's Day 2020 Pip Jersey  Played the game on April Fool's Day 2020 Roel Jersey  Played the game on April Fool's Day 2020 Rosie Jersey  



Tournaments/MOTY 2020


These items were awarded via developer-supplied codes to the top three positions of the Mod Of The Year 2020 competition, as well as various community-run tournaments.


 
 Position Bike Helmet Goggles Jersey Pants  Gold  Silver  Bronze  



Limited Items


These items are limited in the sense that they are only available from contests or other occasions. These are among the rarest limited items to ever exist in the game, and there is no guarantee that you'll be able to get them, with some items (accordingly) unattainable. Keep an eye on the Discord server for any news.


 
 Unlock History Item Name Icon  Participated in the October 2017 Test Sessions (beta)* Beta Jersey^  Codes were handed out on a past Twitch stream* Twitch Bike  Won the One Shot Community Challenge (circa October 2018)
Codes were handed out on a past Twitch stream* RageSquid Jersey  Codes were handed out on a past Twitch stream* No More Robots Jersey  



Legacy Items


These items are PC-only and were obtained if you had more than the specified amount of Rep at any point before May 15, 2018 (even if you lost Rep and dropped below the values required). For obvious reasons, these are no longer attainable.


 
 Rep Required Item Name Icon  - Descenders Bell  50,000 Descenders Flag  250,000 Descenders Crown  



Xbox One Kit


This kit is exclusive to Xbox One and Microsoft Store owners.


 
 Helmet Goggles Jersey Pants   



Mixer Kit


This kit is no longer available due to Mixer's shutdown. The unlock method is preserved below; however it will not work. 
This kit was unlocked by setting up Mixer integration: Settings --> Gameplay --> Go Interactive on Mixer.


 
 Helmet Goggles Jersey Pants   



IndieBox Jersies


These jersies are unlocked by purchasing the associated real-life shirt from IndieBox.


The Grand Tour 


Developer Sets


Having existed in the game files since the start, these items were finally made unlockable through a new challenge-based system called The Grand Tour, on October 28, 2021.


Completing the Amateur Tour of any set will award the Helmet and Goggles of that set; completing the Pro Tour of any set will award the Jersey and Pants of that set.


 
 Developer Helmet Goggles Jersey Pants  RageSquid  No More Robots  Power Up Audio  Liquicity  



Lux 


Completing all challenges in all 8 Tours will award this bike. This was added on December 14, 2021.


This may not be available on Switch yet; this is however pending confirmation.


 
 Item Name Icon  Lux Rainbow Bike  



The Mischief Tour


Completing all challenges in this tour will award this bike and jersey.


 
 Item Name Icon  Baebale Jersey  MISSING  



The Baebale Jersey was previously awarded to winners of the Discord Server's community Haybale Challenge (circa May 2020).


Team Skins


Each of the three teams, Kinetic, Enemy, and Arboreal, have their own sets of skins. To join a team, find and complete their team node thrice, then accept the offer from that team to join them. When that happens, you will immediately get the community equipment set. To progress further and unlock more team gear, continue to complete up to 3 sponsor objectives that the game issues every day at 00:00 GMT. The order the rank items are unlocked in is top-downwards, meaning you will unlock the Novice Goggles before the Novice Helmet, and so on.


Sponsor objectives gradually get harder as the player ranks up. Should any sponsor objectives be left uncompleted on any day, they will carry over to the next day(s) until they are completed; however, no new objective will be issued in that case immediately after completion. One sponsor objective can be changed per day. The system will not skip unlocks for items that you have already unlocked, which means that it will take 16 days at minimum to fully complete a sponsor contract for a single team (48 tasks in total).


A team can be left at any time; however, when this occurs, progress made towards sponsor gear will be reset, team gear will not be able to be equipped, and any team gear equipped will be automatically unequipped. However, the player will keep any team gear that they have already unlocked.


Note that Pants/Shorts, and Jersey Long/Short are unlocked simultaneously. For reference, the legacy system for team unlocks is preserved at the directly preceding link.


Community Sets


These kits were designed by members of the Descenders Discord Server prior to game launch.


 
 Team Designer Jersey Pants  Kinetic YeetMeister/MrRealfield  Enemy crunnko  Arboreal hockdudu  



Rank Skins

 Rank/Number Tasks Required Slot Kinetic Enemy Arboreal  Novice 1 2 Goggles  Novice 2 3 Helmet  Novice 3 3 Pants  Shorts  Novice 4 3 Jersey  Shirt  Novice 5 5 Flag  Pro 1 2 Goggles  Pro 2 3 Helmet  Pro 3 3 Pants  Shorts  Pro 4 3 Jersey  Shirt  Pro 5 5 Horn  Master 1 2 Goggles  Master 2 3 Helmet  Master 3 3 Pants  Shorts  Master 4 3 Jersey  Shirt  Master 5 5 Bike 

Special Events


These items are unlocked during special events. Items unlocked via developer-supplied codes are marked with an asterisk (*).


 
 Unlock Condition Item Name Icon  Participated in a Discord challenge won by Team Kinetic, and had a winning entry* Kinetic Token  Submitted a Replay in the September 2018 Replay competition* Arboreal Best Team Jersey  Submitted a Replay in the September 2018 Replay competition* Enemy Best Team Jersey  Submitted a Replay in the September 2018 Replay competition* Kinetic Best Team Jersey  



Note: It is highly likely that similar tokens exist for Arboreal and Enemy, but these are not officially confirmed.


Normal Skins


'Normal' skins are skins earned by reaching rep targets during runs and then getting lucky with the dice rolls. There are 4 skin rarities: Common, Uncommon, Rare, and Extraordinary.


How the item drop system works is as follows: the game first checks your rep earned in a session to see what is the highest rarity item you are eligible for. From there, the game, depending on the rep earned, will roll for a chance at that item. If that roll fails, the game will then proceed to the immediate lower rarity and do the same procedure. This continues until either an item is gained, or there is no more item in the lowest rarity left to unlock. For example, if the player earns 50k rep in a run, the game will roll for an Extraordinary item, with a 20% chance of succeeding; failing which, the game will roll for a Rare item, with a 100% chance of succeeding.


The player can only earn one item from this item category per run.


Common Skins


The player starts out with the Flat Basic and Ether Basic skins by default.


Bikes

 Item Name Icon  Flat Basic  Flat Fury Red  Flat Caution Orange  Flat Flash Yellow  Flat Lime Green  Flat Triumph Blue  Flat Marvelous Magenta  Flat Onyx Black 

Ether Sets

 Colour Helmet Goggles Jersey Shirt Pants Shorts  Basic  Fury Red  Caution Orange  Flash Yellow  Lime Green  Triumph Blue  Marvelous Magenta  Onyx Black 

Mohawks


Denim Pants


Animal Costumes


The jersey and pants are classified under the Polka Dots brand.


 
 Animal Hat Jersey Pants  Bear  Rhino  



Miscellaneous

 Item Name Icon  Bear Ears  Beach Ball  Chiq Tuxedo Jersey  Blindfold  Christmas Gift  Pro Send It Camera (handlebar)  Pro Send It Camera (helmet)  Rubber Cat 

Uncommon Skins


Camo Helmets


T2 Bikes

 Item Name Icon  T2 Formula  T2 Electric  T2 Skyline  T2 Goblin  T2 Sakura  T2 Trooper  T2 Amethyst  T2 Life 

FortyTwo Sets

 Colour Helmet Goggles Jersey Pants Racing Plate  Vermillion  Amber  Apple  Aqua  Cobalt  Royal  Neon  Frost 

Fade Helmets


Lynx Bikes


Community Items


These items were designed by members of the Descenders Discord Server prior to the game launching out of Early Access.


Hipwood

 Item Name Designer Icon  Hipwood Red Jersey Krinsher  Hipwood White Jersey Krinsher  Hipwood Blue Jersey Krinsher  Hipwood Green Jersey Krinsher  Hipwood Yellow Jersey Krinsher  Hipwood Brown Jersey Krinsher  Hipwood Leaf Goggles Krinsher  Hipwood Magma Goggles Krinsher  Hipwood Snow Goggles Krinsher 

Other Goggles


The rest of the equipment sets that these goggles are a part of can be seen here.


It is possible to get most of the High Voltage equipment by entering the code, without quotes, " HIGHVOLTAGE ". You get everything except the bike.


 
 Item Name Designer Icon  Contrast Goggles Zeron  Arrow Goggles  Hellwave Goggles HellHound  Headshot Goggles Zeron  Poison Dart Goggles HellHound  Rascal Goggles  RIDE Goggles bobtheguy6  Zeron Goggles Zeron  High Voltage Goggles h!gh voltage  Glocksee Goggles Alvi  Igloo Goggles BBB171  Aura Goggles xXKushXx  Bullion Goggles Ovanny  



Animal Costumes


The jersey and pants are classified under the Polka Dots brand.


 
 Animal Hat Jersey Pants  Penguin  Shark  



Miscellaneous


Among the items listed in this category are #SCRAPE-branded goggles and clothing. #SCRAPE Gear is a brand owned by mountain biker Fabio Schäfer, and is the first real-life brand added to the game.


There are also HAOW Jerseys listed in this segment, and is the second real-life brand added to the game.


 
 Item Name Icon  Scrape Ride and Destroy Shirt  Scrape Camo Goggles  Scrape Skull Goggles  Scrape Thunder Goggles  Gold Horn  Rubber Ducky  Halo  Fox Ears  Corn  Chiq Bronze Jersey  Rubber Doggy  Foodz Beer Jersey  Pizza  Coffin  Bat Wings  HAOW Black Jersey  HAOW Navy Jersey  HAOW Noir Jersey  HAOW Vintage Jersey  Gingerbread Man  Santa Hat  Vuvuzela  Bananas  Dunce Hat  Clown Horn Doopy  Clown Horn Doofy  Chiq Hawaii Red Jersey  Chiq Hawaii Green Jersey  Chiq Hawaii Blue Jersey  Rubber Cow  Rubber Sheep  Pinata  Drinks Holder  



Rare Skins


Camo+ Helmets


Carbon Helmets


T3 Bikes


Newline Bikes

 Item Name Icon  Newline Jade  Newline Scarlet  Newline Orchid  Newline Admiral  Newline Sapphire  Newline Xanthous  Newline Ochre  Newline Imperial 

Sukurabu Bikes


FortyTwo Sets


Foodz Shirts

 Item Name Icon  Foodz Pepperoni Jersey  Foodz Hotdog Jersey  Foodz Fries Jersey  Foodz Hamburger Jersey 

Polka Dots Sets


Lux Reflectors

 Item Name Icon  Lux Musa Reflector  Lux Arika Reflector  Lux Cya Reflector  Lux Verda Reflector  Lux Genta Reflector 

Community Items


These items were designed by members of the Descenders Discord Server prior to the game launching out of Early Access.


Sets


The goggles corresponding to these equipment sets can be seen here.


It is possible to get most of the High Voltage equipment by entering the code, without quotes, "HIGHVOLTAGE". You get everything except the bike.


 
 Set Name Designer Bike Helmet Jersey Shirt Pants Shorts Mask  Contrast Zeron N/A N/A  Arrow N/A N/A N/A  Hellwave HellHound N/A N/A N/A  Headshot Zeron N/A N/A N/A  Zeron Zeron N/A  Poison Dart HellHound N/A N/A N/A N/A  Rascal N/A N/A N/A N/A  RIDE bobtheguy6 N/A N/A N/A  High Voltage h!gh voltage N/A  Glocksee Alvi N/A N/A N/A N/A  Igloo BBB171 N/A N/A N/A  Toxic crAsh N/A N/A N/A N/A  Aura xXKushXx N/A N/A N/A  Cycledelic ElGallo N/A N/A N/A  Bullion Ovanny N/A N/A N/A  



Hipwood

 Item Name Designer Icon  Hipwood Leaf Helmet Krinsher  Hipwood Magma Helmet Krinsher  Hipwood Snow Helmet Krinsher  Hipwood Iron Bike Krinsher  Hipwood Vintage Bike Krinsher 

Other Bikes


Interestingly, the Flamingo Bike, while not being a 'community item', is classified in this category.


 
 Item Name Designer Icon  Argardnaut Meltdown Bike Gardalice  Flamingo Bike Rosie  WolfPak Aka Bike LoneWolf  APEX Bike  PIPex Butterfly Bike Gardalice  Ameleo Bike  Evil One Bike  HellTrek Bike HellHound  Factory Blue Bike Alvi  Factory Red Bike Alvi  Factory Green Bike Alvi  Untextured Bike Gardalice  PIPex Ladybug Bike Gardalice  Fire and Ice Bike bobtheguy6  



Animal Costumes


The jersey and pants are classified under the Polka Dots brand.


 
 Animal Hat Jersey Pants  Flamingo  Unicorn  



Miscellaneous

 Item Name Icon  Scrape Ride and Destroy Jersey  Horse Mask  Chiq Silver Jersey  Rabbit Ears  Eye Ball  Pinwheel  Sunflower Basket  Butcher Knife  Teddy  Christmas Bells  Squid Mask  Buckethead  Train  Top Hat  Cycling Bags  Air Horn  Rubber Frog  Rubber Piggy  Taco 

Extraordinary Skins


High Rollers Set


FortyTwo Rasta Set


Lux Sets


These equipment sets and bikes glow in the dark.


 
 Colour Bike Helmet Goggles Jersey Pants  Banana  Descent  District  Lantern  Legacy  



Bikes


Note: the InvisiBike is see-through.


 
 Item Name Icon  BS Inspired  Stickerbomb  Stealth  InvisiBike  Newline Ashen  



Jersies

 Item Name Icon  Scrape Dirty Camo Jersey  Golden Times Jersey  Murder Bunny Jersey  Velcro Fly Jersey  Foodz Lemons Jersey  Chiq Gold Jersey 

Action Henk Masks


Animal Costumes


The jersey and pants are classified under the Polka Dots brand.


 
 Animal Hat Jersey Pants  Dino  Giraffe  



Miscellaneous


The Training Set can also be unlocked by inputting the code, without quotes, "STABLE".


 
 Item Name Icon  OK Hand  Viking Helmet  Antlers  Training Set  Police Beacon  Heli Cap  Pumpkin Head  Christmas Lights  Whoopee Cushion  Space Helmet  Sombrero  



Unattainable Skins


These items are known to exist in the assets, but are currently unattainable for various reasons.


Flags


These items were most likely a test for rear wheel-mounted accessories.


 
 Item Name Icon  Afghan Flag  Algerian Flag  Canadian Flag  



Trivia



  
The Gold Horn used to be simply called Horn and was red. This was changed due to the introduction of the Enemy team horn.

  
Team unlocks used to be unlocked by achieving a certain amount of Rep; see here for the full breakdown.

  
The Invisibike has no name displayed in-game.

  
The Rubber Doggy was initially mis-classified as a Rare; it has since been downgraded to an Uncommon.

  
The Cashcow set and the unlock code is a reference to the irate, incomprehensible ramblings of a certain disgruntled individual.

  
The Golden Times shirt is a reference to the website of a Dutch Facebook page entitled 'Elke dag dezelfde foto van Frans Bauer'.

  
The following jersies are modeled after the faces of the developers and publishers of Descenders: 

  
Uwotmate - No More Robots' founder Mike Rose 

  
A real-life version of the shirt exists.




Flowchart


Note: "Rep Total" refers to the total amount of Reputation earned in a single Career/Career-Plus run - NOT the total lifetime career Reputation.


Descenders codes for shirts and other skins (April 2023)


Updated on April 2nd, 2023 - checked for new codes Descenders is a fast-paced, extreme biking game where you go downhill as you're free riding, drifting and otherwise making it to the finish line. There are lots of dangerous stunts that you can try out and intense moments as you move through the level. When it comes to your player, you can use codes to get cosmetics that your character wears to showcase your style or let your favorite teams know you support them. If you are looking for codes for Descenders, you might be wondering how to redeem Descenders codes. Don’t worry, we’ve got you covered.


Active Descenders codes



  
SPAM - Unlocks Spamfish Jersey

  
ADMIRALCREEP - Unlocks the AdmiralBulldog Jersey Short Sleeve Shirt

  
DRAE - Unlocks the Draegast Jersey Short Sleeve Shirt

  
YEAHTHEBOYS - Unlocks the Jackhuddo Jersey Short Sleeve Shirt

  
SPEEDISKEY - Unlocks the Jacksepticeye Jersey Short Sleeve Shirt

  
MANFIST - Unlocks the MANvsGAME Jersey Short Sleeve Shirt

  
NLSS - Unlocks the NLSS Jersey Short Sleeve Shirt

  
SODAG - Unlocks the Sodapoppin Jersey Short Sleeve Shirt

  
BUGGS - Unlocks the Bay Area Buggs Jersey Short Sleeve Shirt

  
SOMETHINGRAD - Unlocks the Something Rad Jersey Short Sleeve Shirt

  
SMILE - Unlocks RockLeeSmile Jersey Short Sleeve Shirt

  
CIVRYAN - Unlocks the CivRyan Jersey Short Sleeve Shirt

  
TOASTY - Unlocks Toasty Ghost Jersey Short Sleeve Shirt

  
FUNHAUS - Unlocks Funhaus Jersey Short Sleeve Shirt

  
TABOR - Unlocks Sam Tabor Gaming Jersey Short Sleeve Shirt

  
WARCHILD - Unlocks War Child Shorts and War Child Jersey Short Sleeve Shirt

  
FIREKITTEN - Unlocks the Firekitten Jersey Long Sleeve Shirt

  
MERRYCHRISTMAS - Unlocks the Arboreal Christmas Jersey Long Sleeve Shirt, Enemy Christmas Jersey Long Sleeve Shirt, Kinetic Christmas Jersey Long Sleeve Shirt and Descenders Christmas Jersey Long Sleeve Shirt

  
ICEFOXX - Unlocks CashCow Bell item, Cashcow Jersey Long Sleeve Shirt, Cashcow Bike item, Cashcow Pants and CashCow Mask

  
TEAMRAZER - Unlocks #TeamRazer Jersey Short Sleeve Shirt and #TeaRazer Shorts

  
SPOOPY - Unlocks the Skeleton Pants and Skeleton Jersey Long Sleeve Shirt

  
NATIONS - Unlocks Goggles, Helmet, Pants, and Jersey each themed for China, France, Germany, Japan, Netherlands, South Africa, United Kingdom, USA, Wales, Finland, New Zealand, Portugal, Russia, Sweden, Estonia, Australia and Spain.

  
SPE - Unlocks Spe 2019 Bike, Goggles, Helmet, Pants and Jersey Short Sleeve Shirt

  
DOGTORQUE - Unlocks Dogtorque 2019 Bike, Goggles, Helmet, Pants and Jersey Short Sleeve Shirt

  
KINGKRAUTZ - Unlocks KingKrautz 2019 Bike, Goggles, Helmet, Pants and Jersey Long Sleeve Shirt

  
HIGHVOLTAGE - Unlocks High Voltage Goggles, Helmet, Pants, Shorts, Jersey Long Sleeve Shirt, Jersey Short Sleee Shirt

  
LOVE - Unlocks the Heart Item

  
SLASH - Unlocks the Discord Bike Item

  
PRIDE - Unlocks 13 different Pride Flags

  
STABLE - Unlocks Training Set




Expired codes


How to redeem codes in Descenders?



  
Step 1: In the main menu of Descenders, tap on the hamburger menu in the upper right-hand corner. (The box with three horizontal lines in it)

  
Step 2: Tap Extras in this menu

  
Step 3: Tap Redeem Code

  
Step 4: Type in your Descenders code and tap Confirm




Those are all of the Descenders codes that we have at the moment. Bookmark this page and stick around, as we will be updating the page weekly, bringing you new codes to use. You can also find Survivor io codes, Tower of Fantasy codes, Fantasy Town redeem codes and others all over our website - just look around and you're certain to discover something useful!


Original article by Jupiter Hadley, updated by Artur Novichenko
