Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Customize your Android Home Screen to Make it Simple & Productive


One of the great appeals to an Android phone is the ability to customize the screen and how the phone works. However, this can lead to some “chaos” which is not always desirable when you are learning and exploring your device.


The purpose of this Recipe is to help you understand the layout of your device’s Home screen and provide a recipe to organize and simplify it. We will demonstrate how to change your home screen and make a recommendation on a design that will place you most frequently used apps and function under easy and simply access.


Recipe #610


List of Ingredients


Use the links below to quickly access specific topic or information about this recipe.


Does your app look different?


The apps from different Android phones from different manufacturers will often have a different look. However, the basic functions of those apps should be similar. We have tried to stick to common functions in our lessons with empasis on mainstream Google Apps..


Your Android Home screen is highly customizable and could include any number of custom launches, icons and more. However, at the Senior Tech Club, we take the approach that can use the standard tools that come with your device and use those tools to simplify and organize.


If you take our recommendation about organizing your layout, remember that you do not have to stop there. Over time, you may prefer other approaches and we will be applauding when you do this redesign.


Home Screen Elements


FIrst, we will define the components of your home screen and identify their functions. Use this diagram with the numbered descriptions below.


1 Home Screen


The Android Home Screen is the screen that can contain widgets, icons for apps and more. It is the screen you use to organize your smartphone’s tools. It is like a desktop screen on your computer.


Access the Home screen by pressing the Home button at the bottom of the screen. Some phones no longer have a Home button and you would swipe up from the bottom of the screen to display the Home screen.


Your phone may have multiple home screens. Swipe left or right to access additional home screens.


3 The Favorites Tray


The Favorites Tray is the bottom row of app icons. As you move between Home Screens, it does not change. It is always in the same postion with the same icons. The tray comes already filled with icons but we would recommend that you fill the tray with those apps that you expect to use frequently. You might start out with Phone, Message and Camera and one or two additional apps that you want to have easy access to launch. We will explore this below.


4 Google Search Bar


The Google Search Bar is standard on many devices. It allows you to search your device and the internet. If you can’t find an app on your phone, type the app name into the search bar. Need to know the hours of a nearby restaurant, simply type the name of the restaurant into the search bar to search the Internet.


5 Widgets


A widget displays information from an app and allows you to place the information front and center on your Home screen. Tap on the widget and you will often find that it launches a full, larger app.


Most Android phones come with a handful of built-in widgets with often basic elements like a clock, calendar, or weather widget. However you can find a huge assortment of widgets on Google Play often associated with apps that you are seeking.


6 App Shortcuts


App Shortcuts are the icons that launch the apps on your phone. In Android you can customize the Home Screen to include many or just a few app icons.


7 Shortcut Folders


You can create folders that contain a group of shortcut icons. For example, on my phone I have my Social Media icon like Facebook, LinkedIn and Reddit in a folder. I also have place many of my lesser-used Google apps in a Google folder.


8 App Drawer


The app drawer will contain icons for all of the apps installed on your device. The App drawer contains everything. You can add icons to other Home screens but your App drawer will always contain your full collection of installed apps. They are usually displayed alphabetically.


If you install a new app from the Google Play Store, an icon is added to both a home screen and the App Drawer.


Access the App Drawer by swiping up from the bottom of the Home screen or swipe up from ^ above the Home button. Older versions of Android may use an Apps icon instead.


9 Wallpaper


Wallpaper is the image or display that is in the background of your Home screen. You can customize your wallpaper by using a basic color, a standard image supplied with your phone or a personal photo displaying a favorite memory or family member.


Customizing your Home Screen


With Android you can significantly customize your Home Screen but adding, removing and moving the elements. The Home Screen is highly customizable.


On Android the Home Screen is managed by an app called the launcher. Most people will use the standard launcher that comes with their phone. However, you can further customize your phone by installing other launchers that you will find on Google Play. For example, if you wanted to display only essential apps with big icons for simple operation of your phone you might install a launcher like Big Launcher.


In this section we wish to teach you how to customize the primary elements of the screen.


Long-Press


The most significant action for modifying the elements of the home screen is the long-press gusture. This is the action where you press and hold on a screen element like an icon. The long-press will present a menu to other action to move, remove or add new elements.


Here are the key actions in order to customize your Home screen


Move or Delete Widgets & Apps – Long press on any icon or widget to move it to a new spot or new page by dragging to the new location. Drag to X Remove to remove the icon from the Home Screen. This remove action only removes the icons from the Home Screen, it does not uninstall the app. When you drag an icon, a Home Screen Box will appear as a drop point for your icon.


Add Widgets – Long press an empty spot on the Home Screen and tap Widgets. Long-press any widget and drag it to your Home Screen.


Change Wallpaper – Long press an empty spot on the Home Screen and tap Wallpaper. Tap an new wallpaper and tap Set Wallpaper to use. Tap My Photos to access your Photo Library for a new wallpaper.


Add App Icons to the Home Screen – Swipe up on ^ to open the App Drawer. Long-Press on an app icon and drag it to one of your Home screen pages.


Create a Folder for Icons – Drag one app icon onto another icon and a folder group is created. To give the group a name, e.g. Social Media, tap the folder and enter a name below the apps.


Design Recommendation


There are countless options for designing your Home Screen. The choice is ultimately up to you. However here is a recommendation from the Senior Tech Club that you can consider as you modify your personal design.



  
Favorites Tray – Use the Favorites Tray for you five most frequently used apps. The icons for those apps will be available on every home screen. No search is required. Our recommendation would include the Phone app, Text Messages app, Chrome or other Web browser, Camera and Email.

  
Group app icons of related apps into a folder and place at the bottom of Home Screen #1.

  
Place other apps that you occasionally use on the bottom of Home Screen #1. We would recommend Social Media folder, Contacts, Calendar, Voicemail and Photos. Make you choice based on the apps that you use.

  
Place the Google Search bar on Home Screen #1. Use it for quick lookup or use it to enable the Google Assistant with “Hey Google”

  
Place a key Widget on Home Screen #1. It might be the time, the weather, calendar, to-do or even sports scores or stock market information. Your choice is not permanent. You may try several over time.

  
Please less frequently use icons on Home Screen #2. Those apps are still available but easily available on a second screen.

  
Select a favorite Photo as your Wallpaper and proudly show everyone your great memory.




Check for Understanding


Use the following four questions to determine if you understand the skills taught in this lesson.



  
Name and identify 3 of the elements of the Home Screen.

  
How do you create an app folder?

  
What is the most essential gesture to make changes to the Home Screen.




Additional Information


The Senior Tech Club recommends the following additional resources for members that wish to pursue additional and/or advanced information on this recipe:


Senior Tech Club Recipes and Nuggets to help you stay organized


Design Home: Lifestyle Game


Вы когда-нибудь мечтали стать лучшим дизайнером интерьеров и работать с самыми современными и шикарными брендами домашнего декора? Добро пожаловать в Design Home, популярную игру по дизайну интерьера, в которой дом вашей мечты находится всего в нескольких касаниях. Создайте стиль, украсьте и постройте дом, который вы всегда хотели, с помощью Design Home. Это не просто игра — это образ жизни.


Выполняйте задания и ремонтируйте дома в разных локациях. Сбегите в Париж и спланируйте роскошный дизайн кухни или отправляйтесь в Лас-Вегас и оживите дизайн своей спальни блестящим роскошным декором. Вы даже можете проверить свои навыки ландшафтного дизайна в ЗАДАЧАХ ДИЗАЙНА ВНЕШНЕГО ДИЗАЙНА, чтобы получить полный опыт домашнего дизайна!


Изучите сотни брендов мебели и предметов домашнего декора, и каждый день их становится все больше. Выразите себя и узнайте о тенденциях дизайна интерьера и ведущих брендах. От Джонатана Адлера до West Elm, Design Home делает возможным любой рисунок и цветовую палитру.


СТАНЬТЕ ЛУЧШИМ ДИЗАЙНЕРОМ ИНТЕРЬЕРА
- Дизайн ванной комнаты, дизайн кухни, дизайн спальни - вы называете это. Design Home возлагает на вас ответственность
- Мы выводим игры по декорированию дома на новый уровень с захватывающим 3D-конструктором
- Украсьте каждую деталь с помощью подробного планировщика комнат Design Home.


ДИЗАЙН ВСТРЕЧАЕТСЯ С РЕАЛЬНОСТЬЮ
- Выбирайте из более чем 60 ведущих брендов и дизайнеров, чтобы оформить свой дом
- Погрузитесь в главные тенденции и дизайнеров с ежемесячными обзорами тенденций
- Голоса дизайнеров. Примите участие в эксклюзивных соревнованиях с известными дизайнерами.
- Научитесь украшать последние тенденции дизайна в этом месяце


ПОЛУЧАЙТЕ НАГРАДЫ, ПОСТРОЯ ДОМ СВОЕЙ МЕЧТЫ
- Исследуйте еженедельные испытания дизайна экстерьера с уникальными украшениями и наградами.
- Зарабатывайте награды в гибких сериях испытаний с бесчисленными вариантами дизайна.
- Играйте с Design Pass, чтобы заработать бриллианты, деньги и многое другое.


СКОРО: Домашние животные и украшение стола!


Присоединяйтесь к сообществу из более чем 1 миллиона игроков ежедневно и голосуйте за дизайн, вдохновляйтесь, одалживайте детали и делайте самые смелые заявления, которые уникальны для вас. От пола до потолка — ваш выбор!


Найди нас!
Добавьте нас в друзья на Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/gaming/DesignHomeGame
Дважды коснитесь нас в Instagram: @designhome
Твитните с нами: @designhome_game
Смотрите нас в TikTok: @designhome
Творите вместе с нами на Pinterest: Design Home


Это приложение: требуется принятие Политики конфиденциальности и использования файлов cookie и Пользовательского соглашения EA. Требуется подключение к Интернету (может взиматься плата за сеть). Включает внутриигровую рекламу. Собирает данные с помощью сторонних рекламных и аналитических технологий (подробности см. в Политике конфиденциальности и использования файлов cookie). Позволяет игрокам общаться. Содержит прямые ссылки на сайты в Интернете и социальных сетях, предназначенные для аудитории старше 13 лет. Включает необязательные внутриигровые покупки виртуальной валюты, которые можно использовать для приобретения виртуальных внутриигровых предметов, включая случайный выбор виртуальных внутриигровых предметов.


Пользовательское соглашение: terms.ea.com
Политика конфиденциальности и использования файлов cookie: privacy.ea.com
Посетите help.ea.com для получения помощи или вопросов.


Не продавать мою личную информацию: https://tos.ea.com/legalapp/WEBPRIVACYCA/US/en/PC/


EA может отключить сетевые функции после 30-дневного уведомления, опубликованного на странице ea.com/service-updates.
