Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Disney+ Hotstar MOD APK Download 14.9.4 VIP+Premium+Sports


The Preamble to Disney Plus Hotstar MOD APK: Hotstar is one of the most popular OTT (over the top) video-on-demand streaming service Apps. The app is full of thousands of content from various genres, including entertainment, movies, news, sports, documentaries, etc. It was owned and operated by Star India. Still, Walt Disney Company’s recent investment saw the app getting rebranded as Disney+ Hotstar, wherein additional and exclusive content produced by Disney has been added to the app. Also, read Youtube Premium Mod APK Download For Android.


Besides the availability of some of the latest and popular TV shows and movies worldwide on the app, many people love it since it allows you to watch live sports, including cricket and football matches. Millions of users watch IPL and EPL games on Disney+ Hotstar. You can also watch Live TV channels of Star networks and news channels as well on this app. This is also why many consider it better than other similar platforms such as Netflix and Amazon Prime.


To watch some of the latest and popular shows, newly released movies, and live sports, you will have to subscribe to premium services by shelling out a lot of money. However, what comes across as a dampener to many, only limited content is available to access for free. Let us take a look at Subscription Plans provided by Disney+ Hoststar.


Disney+ Hotstar Subscription Plans


Disney Plus Hotstar previously offered only two subscription plans, VIP and Premium. While the former offered access to only regional and dubbed content, the latter included the whole catalog of US-based TV shows as well. The company has now done away with the VIP tier and instead offers three plans to its users. Apart from the Disney Plus Premium plan that comes with a price tag of Rs 1,499 per year, the company has also introduced Disney+ Hotstar Mobile and Disney+ Hotstar Super plans for its users. Do note that existing Disney Plus Hotstar VIP members will be migrated to the Disney Plus Hotstar Mobile plan.



  
Select Movies with ads

  
Select TV Shows with ads

  
5 minutes of live cricket streaming





  
All content (movies, TV shows, specials, live sports)

  
Ad-free movies and TV shows (except sports)

  
Watch on up to 4 devices
Up to 4K (2160p) resolution

  
Dolby 5.1 Audio





  
All content (movies, TV shows, specials, live sports)

  
Ad-supported content
Watch on up to 2 devices

  
Up to Full HD (1080p) resolution

  
Dolby 5.1 Audio





  
All content (movies, TV shows, specials, live sports)

  
Ad-supported content
Watch on 1 device (mobile or tablet only)

  
Up to HD (720p) resolution

  
Stereo audio





  
All content (movies, TV shows, specials, live sports)

  
Ad-supported content
Watch on 1 device (mobile or tablet only)

  
Up to HD (720p) resolution

  
Stereo audio





  
All content (movies, TV shows, specials, live sports)

  
Ad-supported content
Watch on 1 device (mobile or tablet only)

  
Up to HD (720p) resolution

  
Stereo audio




Disney Plus Hotstar Mobile Rs 49 Subscription: Price, Benefits


Disney+ Hotstar is currently testing out a new plan for its customers. The brand is offering a Rs 99 Disney+ Hotstar Mobile subscription for Rs 99 per month. However, as a part of the introductory offer, users will get it for Rs 49 if they pay using a card, Paytm, PhonePe, or UPI. The plan is currently available for Android users. The plan offers all the benefits of the Mobile subscription including HD video quality streaming and one can watch the content on one mobile device at a time.


Disney Plus Hotstar Mobile Rs 199 Subscription: Price, Benefits


The company is also testing a new Rs 199 subscription plan. The subscription plan comes with a validity of six months. One can access all Disney+ Hotstar content in HD quality, and watch sports and movies in the ad-supported format. The plan is currently available for Android users.


Disney Plus Hotstar Mobile Subscription Plan: Price, Benefits


The Disney+ Hotstar Mobile is priced at Rs 499 for one year. The subscription plan is a mobile-only plan that can be streamed on only one mobile or laptop at a time. Users will get access to all the content on Disney+ Hotstar but do note that you will get ads with this plan. The plan allows users to watch the content in HD quality only.


Disney Plus Hotstar Super Subscription Plan: Price, Benefits


The Disney+ Hotstar Super subscription plan comes with a price tag of Rs 899 per year. With this plan, one can watch all the content on the platform, including Disney+ Hotstar original series, Disney+ Premium shows, movies, and more, although the plan is ad-supported. However, unlike the Mobile plan, you can watch it on other devices like TVs as well. The plan allows HD streaming and can be used on two screens at the same time. It also comes with Dolby 5.1 support.


Disney Plus Hotstar Premium Subscription Plan: Price, Benefits


Disney+ Hotstar Premium subscription plan is the more expensive plan in the lot. While it was previously priced at Rs 999 per year, the price has now been hiked to Rs 1,499. With the Disney+ Hotstar Premium subscription, users will get access to the entire catalog of content on the platform. This plan doesn’t include ads, except on live sports. Subscribers can watch the content on up to four screens simultaneously in up to 4K resolution. This plan also offers Dolby 5.1 support.


What is Disney Plus Hotstar MOD APK?


Disney+ Hotstar MOD is a cracked app known as Hotstar Premium Hack APK, allowing access to all the premium content on Hotstar without taking any subscription. The MOD is a modified version of the app that provides unrestricted and unlimited access to everything on the Disney+ Hotstar App.


The Disney+ Hotstar MOD APK is designed to entertain you for free. As you have seen above, Disney+ Hotstar charges a hefty fee for providing premium content. The subscription fee is high in countries like the USA ($9.99/year) and Canada (12.99 CAD/year). But with Disney+ Hotstar MOD APK, you can skip taking any of these subscriptions and watch anything you want without paying anything. You can download the APK for free as well and get many other features, too, with this APK.


Let us take a look at some of the features of the Disney+ Hotstar APK MOD.


Disney+ Hotstar MOD APK Features


The Disney+ Hotstar MOD APK comes loaded with a lot of features for the users to enjoy. Users can watch all the app content for free, but they get many other great features for an unmatched viewing experience entertainment. Here are the feature of this APK in a bit more detail –



  
Unlocked Content – As discussed earlier, you can access all the content available with VIP and Premium Subscription plans for free. You can watch all kinds of TV Shows (both Indian and American), Movies, including the newly released multiplex ones, live sports including Cricket (Indian Premier League), Football (Premier League and Bundesliga), kabaddi and Formula 1, Live News channels and much more without having to spend anything.





  
No Ads – Even if you pay and subscribe to the Disney+ Hotstar App’s VIP Plans, you still get personalized ads that can ruin your watching experience. But with Disney+ Hotstar MOD APK, you can watch all content without any ads disturbing you. The video ads make you wait before watching your favorite shows, but Disney+ Hotstar MOD APK removes even the banner ads displayed on the screen through video playback. This provides a smooth viewing experience to the users.



  
Download Videos – With Disney+ Hotstar APK Mod, you get the option to download any video you want within the app itself. Once the video is downloaded, you can watch it anytime, even if you do not have an active internet connection. This feature is convenient for people who travel a lot or have a poor internet connection. You can put the video you want to watch on download and then watch it while traveling or when the signals are weak. This ensures non-stop entertainment anytime and anywhere.



  
Data Safety with Removal of All Permissions – The regular Disney+ Hotstar app asks for many permissions and takes access to a lot of your data. Without providing access, many features of the app are restricted. But with the Disney+ Hotstar MOD APK, you can use all the app features without permission. By skipping permission access, you can keep your data safe and avoid any risk of data leakage through the app. Those who don’t trust the MOD APKs for data safety can be ensured about their data is safe through this feature of the Disney+ Hotstar MOD APK.



  
Watch Without Logging In – Users of the regular Disney+ Hotstar App have to create an account and log in with their credentials to watch content on the app. But with Disney+ Hotstar MOD APK, users can watch the content without creating an account or logging in with any credentials. Just download and install the app and start watching without any fuss for a smooth experience.



  
Black Screen Issue Resolved – There used to be a common issue while watching videos on Disney+ Hotstar that there was a black screen, and the video did not work properly. This left a lot of viewers frustrate as it was a common error that happened frequently. But with the latest version of the Dinsey+ Hotstar MOD APK, this issue has been entirely resolved. Now you can watch any video without encountering this black screen error. This provides a smooth watching experience without any issues.




Besides this, the Disney+ Hotstar MOD APK has many features, such as a hidden VPN, an excellent user interface, and a particular focus on unhindered user experience. But if you still have questions in your mind about Disney+ Hotstar APK Mod, then we can answer some of the frequently asked questions for your understanding and trust. Also, read about Thop TV and Thop TV for PC.


Disney+ Hotstar MOD Premium FAQ



  
Can you Access both VIP and Premium Content with Disney+ Hotstar Mod APK? Yes, you can access all the content available on Disney+ Hotstar with this modded APK file. It includes bot VIP and Premium Content.

  
What content/videos are available in Disney+ Hotstar Premium MOD? You can watch Live News, Indian and American TV shows, Bollywood and Hollywood Movies, including digital premieres, Hotstar Specials, Disney originals, Disney movies and shows, and unlimited Live Sports that includes Cricket (Indian Cricket Team matches and Indian premier league), Football ( Premier League, Bundesliga, Indian Super League, Indian National team matches,), F1, Pro Kabaddi, Tennis Grand Slams and much more.

  
Are Disney Plus Content unlocked? Yes, all of the Disney+ content, including Disney, Pixar, Marvel, National Geographic, and popular shows such as Hannah Montana, Shin Chan, Mickey Mouse, amongst many others, are unrestrictedly available for free.

  
Is Disney Plus Hotstar Mod Premium APK completely safe to download and use? Yes, this Disney+ Hotstar MOD APK has been downloaded and used millions of times and is amongst the most trusted MOD apps out there. You do not have to log in to the app or provide any details or permissions that ensure that all your data is safe, and there are zero risks in downloading and using this APK mod.

  
Which Channels can be watched Live on the Disney Plus Mod APK? You can watch Star Bharat, HBO, Star Plus, Star Sports, National Geographic, Star Maa, Star World, Aaj Tak, India Today, ABP News, Asianet, Star Vijay, Fox Life, Star Jalsha, Star Utsav, Star Pravah, Star Suvarna and similar Star TV and news channels on Disney+ Hotstar Mod APK.

  
Do you still need a Disney+ Hotstar premium Subscription after downloading Hotstar Mod APK? No, as soon as you download and install the app, you can access call the content without taking any subscription or shelling out any money. You do not even have to log in. Just open the app and start enjoying your favorite content.

  
What are the device requirements for downloading Disney Plus Hotstar Premium Mod? You can use Disney+ Hotstar Mod APK on your desktop/laptop or an Android or iOS smartphone. For desktop/laptop, you will require Google Chrome version 75.x or Mozilla Firefox version 70.x, Microsoft Windows 7 or above / MAC OS 10.2 or above. You should also have JavaScript and cookies enabled on your device. For Android or iOS smartphones, you will need iOS version 9 or above or Android version 4.0 or above.

  
Does Hotstar MOD harm your device? Disney+ Hotstar APK MOD is a safe APK file. Although you cannot install it directly from the Google Play Store, it has been tested and used by millions of users. It will never harm your device, and you can watch your favorite content for free on it without any worries.

  
Is Disney+ Hotstar MOD Premium free to download? Yes, Disney+ Hotstar APK Mod is completely free to download. Even the content is free to access, and you do not have to pay anything or subscribe to any plans. Just download the APK from the link provided below and start enjoying it.

  
Can you watch IPL on Disney+ Hotstar APK Mod? Yes, you can watch any live sport, including the Indian Premier League, on the Disney+ Hotstar Mod APK for free.

  
On which devices can you access Disney+ Hotstar Mod APK? You can access Disney+ Hotstar APK Mod on the following devices – Windows PC, Macbook, FireTV, Apple TV, Chromecast, iOS devices such as iPhone and iPad, and Android Smartphones running Android OS version 4.0 above.

  
What are some of the most popular shows and movies you can watch on Disney Plus Hotstar Mod APK? Some of the most popular TV Shows and Movies that you can watch on Disney+ Hotstar Mod APK include – High School Musical Series, Game Of Thrones, Hotstar Special series, The Big Bang Theory, Mahabharata, Chernobyl, Modern Family, City on a Hill, Succession, Grey’s Anatomy, Koffee with Karan, Marvel Movies, Disney Movies and DC Movies amongst many others.





Now that you know everything about the Disney+ Hotstar Mod APK, you are ready to download and install the app on your device.   Name Hotstar  Compatible with Android 4.1+  Latest version 14.9.4  Developer Novi Digital  Google play link in.startv.hotstar  Price Free  Size 35.11 MB  MOD Yes  Category Entertainment and IPTV   

Download Disney+ Hotstar Mod APK v14.9.4 VIP+Premium


Note: Sometimes, Disney+Hotstar MOD APK doesn’t work properly. However, there are perfect alternatives for it: ThopTV, Oreo TV, and GHD Sports. Download any of the apps and enjoy free streaming without any Ads.


Here we will discuss how you can download the Disney+ Hotstar APK Mod on your android smartphone. It is a straightforward process. All you need to do is to the download button. Once the link is opened, you will see the following screen (Now, we have added a new link, so you might not see the following screen). Click on the download button, and the Disney+ Hotstart MOD APK latest version file will be saved in your device’s internal storage.


How to Install Disney+ Hotstar Mod APK on Android?


You can follow the steps mentioned below to download the Disney+ Hotstar Mod APK on your Android smartphone – 1- First of all, go to Settings -> Security -> Install from Unknown Sources and tick the checkbox against it to enable the option. This allows the installation of third-party apps that are not downloaded from the Google Play Store. 2- Once this setting is enabled, you can now locate the downloaded APK file in your ‘downloads’ folder in the device’s internal storage. You can use any file manager to access the file. 3- Once you locate the file, double-click on it. This will start the installation process. 4- The installation will be completed within a few seconds. When you see the Installation successful message on your screen, you can open the app and start watching Disney+ Hotstar without even having to log in or create an account.


 How to install Hotstar MOD APK in FireStick, Android TV BOX, and FireOS? 


Step 1 – Firstly, you need to enable the third-party installation service on your FireStick and Android Box, and for doing that, you have to open the settings menu. Here we are referencing a FireTV OS solution; however, you can do the same with an Android TV Box. Step 2 – Afterwards, Click on the My Fire TV button and navigate the Developer Options. Step 3 – Click on it and enable the prompt saying Unknown Sources to activate the third-party installation. Step 4 – Now open the Amazon app store, and search for the Downloader app. Step 5 – Install the Downloader app from there. Step 6 – After completing the installation, you need to open the Downloader app and provide permission to access the media files. Step 7 – Now copy the below link and paste it into the Downloader app link adder section. tinyurl.com/hotstar1213 Step 8 – Click the Open button and wait for the downloading. Step 9 – After completing the download, click on the install button for installing the Disney Plus Hotstar MOD app on your FireStick. The Hotstar Android TV APK is Ad-free and modded to give you the possible experience. Step 10 – If you want, you can also delete the app source file and exit the downloader app. After that, locate the Disney Plus Hotstar MOD App on your FireStick My Apps list and open it to enjoy all the tournaments, Live Cricket, and live Star TV channels for free. Enjoy the app to the fullest, and let us know in the comments section below if you have any other questions or problems with this app. Meanwhile, you can also read about our in-depth guide on Watch Hotstar from Anywhere (US, UK, Canada, etc.)


Disney+


Anyone found a working APK for it? It just released in the Netherlands for free, I have a VPN already but need the app.


Edit: Well I thought I found a workaround, I used an APK downloader Chrome extension and downloaded the actual app but now it's just crashing, even with the VPN on.


Create a google account in Netherlands and see if you can get it with VPN on. If not just wait since all websites will have it in less than a few days


I need a Dutch phone number for verification to do that.


Yup crashes on my Android phone and Firestick 😣. I think disney knows that the apk would get leak on the internet and people from diff countries would use a VPN to watch it so they put a special coding to prevent it from happening.


I want dinsey+ as well but don't you think all the shows will show up on iptv apps like tvzion?


Okay so i have a disney account but i live in Nepal I told my brother to buy one and for the apk use this link


Select your device specs and generate the link for your device and then install SAI (split apks installer )


And then open the app, click install apks and select the three apks and install


( Idk if it works with other VPN'S but mine worked with this one )


Then connect it to Neatherlands open your recent task manager and clear the VPN. It should be still connected


Then open disney+ and then log in and everything works perfectly. ( I did it on Oneplus 6 and i live in Nepal so i think this should probably work in every country)
