Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Roblox Doors Walkthrough – All monsters and how to survive them


Following the success of The Mimic and Apeirophobia, another horror/survival-style experience has joined the Roblox platform—Doors. In this experience, players must maneuver throughout, and ultimately escape, a haunted hotel by sneaking, sprinting, solving puzzles, and, most importantly, evading various chilling monsters. If you're brave enough to venture through this experience and are looking for a guide on surviving all these monsters, you're in luck! Continue reading below to learn all there is to know about these unique entities.


All monsters in Doors and how to survive them


Guiding Light


Guiding Light serves as the experience's narrator/guide, assisting players through portions of the hotel by using glowing blue particles to point them in the right direction. If a player is stuck in a Dark Room, or even a normal room sometimes, for more than 20 seconds, Guiding Light will enlighten the next door in an attempt to keep them moving. During Seek's running sequence, Guiding Light will make itself most prevalent, highlighting the correct path in which players need to follow to survive. Hidden keys will also be lit up if it seems as though players are having trouble finding them.


Rush


Rush is one of the first, if not the first, entities players will encounter in The Hotel. When Rush spawns, the lights in multiple rooms will flicker, and you'll hear a distorted growling sound—this is your sign to hide! You can avoid Rush by hiding in a vent or closet or crawling under a bed. If you fail to find a hiding spot before Rush speeds by, you will die on contact. Once Rush has passed, all the lights in the rooms it ran through will be broken, but you can continue toward the next door without fear of its return.


Sometimes, Rush will cause the lights to flicker without actually spawning. In these cases, watch your back and continue toward the next door.


Ambush


Each time that Rush is set to spawn, there's a very low chance that Ambush will spawn in its place. Like Rush, Ambush will make the lights flicker, create a distorted noise before it appears, and run through all of the nearby hallways/rooms. Unlike Rush, however, Ambush can run through these rooms up to six times. The best strategy for surviving Ambush is to hide in a closet when you hear its presence, step out of the closet when it disappears, and repeat this process until it fully disappears. Staying in the closet for too long will spawn Hide, so it's best to leave and re-enter.


Ambush is also exceptionally quicker than Rush, so be sure to complete the steps above at a quick pace!


Hide


For those who find comfort in hiding when the going gets scary, Hide is here to ruin your day. This figureless entity spawns when players have spent too much time hiding under beds or inside vents or closets. If Hide deems that you've been hiding for too long, your screen will begin to turn red and flash the words GET OUT, and your pulse will progressively increase, growing louder and louder by the second. If you still refuse to leave, Hide will eventually kick you out of wherever you're hiding and lower your health by 40%. You'll then be blocked from hiding again until a timer cooldown finishes.


Halt


Similar to Rush and Ambush, Halt makes its presence known by flickering lights. Unlike these two entities, however, Halt doesn't immediately appear after the lights flicker. Instead, it spawns behind the next numbered door that players open. Upon opening this door, players will enter a dark hallway only illuminated by Halt's glowing blue eyes.


To escape Halt, run down this hallway and out the door at the other end. As you travel down the hallway, you'll need to keep an eye out for flashing words, specifically Turn Around. When Turn Around appears on your screen, immediately turn your camera/character and walk in the opposite direction, or simply walk backwards. You'll need to repeat this process, turning around and walking forward each time the prompt appears, until you successfully make it through the door at the end of the hallway.


If Halt makes contact with you, you will take 60 damage.


Eyes


As you move from room to room, opening doors as fast as possible, there's a chance you'll run into a purple glow—this is Eyes. After a few seconds, a 36-eyed entity will spawn from the purple glow and will deal 10 damage to anyone who looks at it. To survive Eyes, simply maneuver out of its area while looking at the floor, ceiling, or walls. Basically, look anywhere but at it!


Screech


If you find yourself walking through a numbered door and into a pitch-black room, you may need to look out for Screech. This entity will make its presence known by whispering a quiet "pst"—when you hear this sound, turn your camera behind you as fast as you can and look directly at Screech. If you look at it in time, it will scream loudly and jump at you but deal no damage. If you fail to look at it in time, however, it will scream and jump and deal 40 damage.


Having a light source, such as a flashlight or lighter, will lower the chance of Screech attacking in a dark room.


Snare


Snare is one of the most infuriating entities in the entire hotel, so it's a good thing it can only be found in The Greenhouse! Once you've made it to The Greenhouse, Snare will plant itself somewhere in the grass, waiting for the perfect moment to strike. If you accidentally step on Snare, you'll be trapped in place for three to four seconds, unable to escape from the Rush or Ambush that's likely on its way, and damaged 10 points. Having a flashlight or lighter that you can use to look for Snare is imperative in The Greenhouse!


Jack


In terms of attack damage, Jack is a harmless entity. In terms of psychological damage, however, that's a different story! According to the official Doors wiki, Jack has a 1/20 chance of appearing in closets, and a 1/2000 chance of appearing behind numberless doors. When this entity does appear, it serves as a mere jump-scare and does no damage to the player. The more closets that you open, the more likely that Jack is to spawn behind one of them.


Once Jack disappears, the closet or room it appeared in will be enterable again.


Shadow


Shadow is essentially just the rarer version of Jack, as this entity cannot harm the player and only aims to scare them. Each time the door to a new room is opened, there's a very, very small chance (roughly 1/1,200) that Shadow will appear, releasing an exceptionally loud shriek when it does. If you're lucky, you'll be able to spot this entity for a split second before it disappears, but most players just hear the noise and never catch an actual glimpse.


Timothy


Another "basically" harmless entity is Timothy, the hiding and jump-scaring spider. Each time you open a drawer, there's a 1/200 chance of being jump-scared by Timothy, who will jump onto the player's screen, take 5 HP, and then disappear.


Window


Similar to both Timothy and Jack, Window is a harmless entity whose only purpose is to startle the player. This entity cannot be interacted with or triggered in any way—its appearance is completely random and doesn't affect the gameplay at all. Every time lightning strikes outside the hotel, there's a small chance that Window will be smiling at players from, you guessed it, outside a window. When lightning strikes again, the entity will disappear.


Void


In multiplayer servers, Void only "attacks" those who stray away from the group, though it doesn't actually deal any damage and simply teleports them near the other players. If everyone on your team stays together, you shouldn't have to worry about running into Void.


Glitch


A patch has been added that makes it so that Glitch will appear in solo servers if the experience itself fails to load the next room. Before this patch, users who encountered this bug while playing would be forced to end their run, losing all of their progress and leaving the server. Now, with the new update, players who encounter this bug are instead met with Glitch and teleported a few rooms ahead to try and combat the bug. When this happens, you shouldn't lose any HP.


El Goblino


Looking for a nice place to relax in the midst of door-opening chaos? Pull up a chair next to El Goblino and stay a while! This friendly entity is located in the room after The Library and can be spoken to upon interaction, which makes it one of the most peculiar entities in the entire hotel. Not only does it appear harmless, it is harmless, offering no damage or even a jump scare to the player. After interacting with El Goblino a handful of times, it will eventually stop responding and simply look at you.


Bob


Where there's an El Goblino, there's a Bob! Bob is a friendly entity who, upon interacting with it multiple times, does nothing and says nothing, at least not while non-entities are around. Bob enjoys sitting in a comfortable chair and listening to its best friend, El Goblino, talk about anything under the sun. Life is simple for Bob, and it seems ok with that.


Jeff


Jeff is a friendly, non-damaging entity who works at the mid-hotel shop and provides players with a variety of items that can be purchased with Gold. In game, all that can be seen of this entity are its glowing eyes, though it's been revealed that Jeff has long tentacles that it uses to restock the shop's inventory when it gets low, thanks to the PLS DONATE booth inspired by it. After a purchase is made at the shop, Jeff's eyes will light up, showcasing its assumed happiness to help the player.


Dupe


Added with the long-awaited Hotel+ update, Dupe is a mischievous entity whose main goal is to cause the player confusion and then strike when they least expect it. As you maneuver throughout the hotel, you may reach a room that has two numbered doors inside of it, rather than the usual one. When this happens, be sure to enter through the door that makes sense chronologically—for example, if you just walked into room 31, and you see two doors waiting for you (32 and 33), enter door 32, not door 33. If you enter the doors out of order, skipping over the right door, Dupe will jump out and attack you, knocking you over and taking a portion of your health.


Make sure to keep track of where you're going and look back if you need to!


Seek


Seek is one of two entities that have more than one guaranteed appearance. Players will encounter Seek the first time between doors 30 through 45, then again sometime between doors 80 through 95. Before Seek spawns, players will begin seeing unsettling eyeballs on the walls around them.


Eventually, walking through a numbered door within the ranges mentioned above will cause Seek to manifest from a pile of slime on the floor. After a brief cut scene, Seek will begin chasing players down a long hallway and through multiple doors. As you run, keep an eye out for white sparkles—these will direct you along the correct path.


As you maneuver through the various hallways that Seek chases you down, you'll come in contact with certain obstacles that require you to crawl or slide under them. To do this, press C or Shift as you approach the obstacle. Also, be sure to avoid the fallen chandeliers and slime-covered hands—touching the chandeliers will take 40 HP and the hands will kill you automatically. If Seek catches up to you, you will also insta-die, so look out for those sparkles!


Once you reach the end of the final hallway and enter the next room, the door behind you will close in Seek's face, trapping it outside.


Figure


Likely the hardest entity to avoid, Figure is a blind entity that uses its incredible hearing to detect nearby, and sometimes even far away, players. To survive Figure, crouching and moving slowly is crucial. Players will encounter the Figure twice, once in room 50 and again in room 100. If players are attacked by Figure, they insta-die.


If you notice Figure coming toward you, hop into a nearby closet, if you can, and hide. As it approaches, a QTE minigame will appear on your screen that requires you to either click or press a pattern of specific buttons in a short amount of time. If you complete this minigame successfully, Figure will leave the area, giving you time to make your escape.


End


That's it for our guide on how to survive every monster/entity in Doors! Be sure to keep an eye out on the Roblox section of PGG regularly, as we'll be posting more guides on this experience soon, including how to complete levels 50 and 100.


Looking for more Roblox content? Check out some of our other guides on Roblox horror experiences including Roblox 3008 Beginner’s Guide | 3008 Tips and Tricks or How to get every Lantern in Roblox The Mimic here on Pro Game Guides!


About the Author


When Grace isn't writing about video games, she's playing them, and probably playing too many at once. Since she was a kid, video games and writing have been her two biggest passions, so getting to combine them for a job has been a dream come true! She's your go-to person for all-things Roblox at PGG, and she's happy to help in whatever way she can!


18 Comments


Roblox Doors Walkthrough – All monsters and how to survive them


Cancel reply


This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.


DOORS


DOORS is a multiplayer Roblox horror game inspired by Spooky's Jump Scare Mansion and nicorocks5555's Rooms co-developed by Lightning_Splash and RediblesQW. It is centralized around traveling through rooms with various entities encountered along the way. The game was first released to Roblox on August 10th of 2022. [1] . The game's Hotel+ update was released on January 28th of 2023.


Contents


Overview


In DOORS, you can play solo or with a team of 2-4 players (up to 12 in a private server but it's not recommended) exploring various rooms. The objective of the game is to reach the end of the current floor by surviving through various rooms without dying to the entities that inhabit them. Players can also find items during their run that can be used to aid the user and their group, with different items rotating throughout each new floor.


Entities


DOORS has various entities that you can encounter throughout the game. Each entity has a unique method of attacking the player, whilst not every entity will kill you, each has their own uniquely terrifying jumpscare.


The main entities of DOORS are Figure and Guiding Light. Alongside the main entities, there are recurring and miscellaneous entities; Rush, Ambush, Seek, Halt, Eyes, Glitch, Screech, Jack, Hide, Timothy, Window, Shadow, Dupe, El Goblino, Jeff, Snare, Bob and Void.


Items


Throughout DOORS you will encounter various items within Containers that are littered throughout the various rooms and hallways that can be used at your disposal. The most common of these items include the Lighter, the Flashlight, the Lockpick and the Vitamins.


Development Status


Confirmation of the development of Floor 2 is currently unknown at this time.


Update Log


Related achievements 


 Welcome  
 "Enjoy your stay!" 
 Join for the first time 


 Welcome Back  
 "Are you enjoying your stay?" 
 Join another day. 


Trivia



  
DOORS has lore, being revealed very slowly. [2][3]

  
The Hotel+ Revamp Update was said to reveal more information. [4]

  
DOORS is the latest and most popular project published under the LSPLASH Roblox group, second being Ragdoll Universe.

  
The first sneak peek of the game was posted on July 15 th , 2021 [5]

  
DOORS is the 2nd fastest ROBLOX game to reach 1 billion visits. (3 months and 2 days)

  
DOORS will not have VR support. [6]

  
DOORS has 1 official piece of merchandise, which is the Screech Plushie. [7]

  
There is no chance that DOORS will have seasonal events. [8]

  
However, Redibles has expressed interest in doing a Christmas event that will likely include entities wearing Santa hats, and changing the rain to snow. [9]



  
This has been added in the April Fools Event.




30 Best Scary Roblox Games You Should Play in 2023


The collective spirit of community has always been strong in gamers. It doesn’t matter if you’re a gamer playing online games with strangers or looking for Among Us Discord servers, the bond has always been there. Among the plethora of community open-world games out there, Roblox has quickly become one of the best community-rich platforms. Allowing custom game creations, Roblox has a wide variety of games that dive into all sorts of genres, including shooters, roleplaying, kids games, and more. Our focus today is on the scariest Roblox games out there that will leave you shivering. So if you’re a Roblox gamer looking for the best scary games in 2023, here you are.


Best Scary Roblox Games (Updated March 2023)


The list contains an assortment of team-based and single-player creepy horror Roblox games. Depending on what kind of game you’re looking for, use the table below and take your pick.


Scariest Roblox Games in 2023


1. Dead Silence


Long considered to be one of the scariest Roblox games, Dead Silence is a creepy and breathtaking experience. Based on the horror film of the same name, Dead Silence puts you in the shoes of an investigator. Your job is to investigate the disappearance of Mary Shaw, a murdered ventriloquist who supposedly haunts the local town.


Packing a level design that will make you wary of every corner, topped with eerie creaking sounds and whispered hushes, this creepily scary Roblox game will ensure you leave the lights on when you go to sleep. Check it out and get scared.


2. Alone in a Dark House


Another exploration-based horror game for Roblox, Alone in a dark house combines story elements and walking mechanics with a lot of scares. Set in August 1996, the game makes you a private investigator who travels to a small town. Your focus is a brutal vehicle murder and your journey will take you to a big house that contains a multitude of secrets.


While you may think the empty place contains nothing but furniture, secret passageways filled with dark secrets await you. You must solve a variety of puzzles and ultimately the bigger mystery itself. Oh, and you’re not alone in that house. Good luck!


3. The Mimic


The Mimic is one of the most terrifying horror Roblox games we have come across. Featuring either single-player or multiplayer, the game is a horror adventure created across different chapters. The Mimic has been created from four different stories of Japanese history and urban legends with a twist.


Disguised as four different books, each chapter will take you and your friends to mysterious worlds chock full of extremely scary level designs, loud noises that come out of nowhere, and a lot of jumpscares. While you can play this Roblox horror game alone, we recommend taking a pal along if you don’t want to suffer. Check it out if you want to try one of the most fulfilling Roblox scary games.


4. Geisha


If you like horror games that have urban legends baked right in, Geisha will serve perfectly for your Roblox adventures. Based on the urban legend of “Teke-Take”, Geisha takes you back to your childhood although we wager it wasn’t as horrifying as the game will be. Upon returning you find that your family is nowhere to be found leaving you confused.


However, you still don’t feel alone. Like there is something watching you, visible only from the corner of your eye but when you look, nothing’s there. This intensely scary Roblox game will have players discovering the eerily silent house and looking for any clues. If an alone horror Roblox adventure is what you’re looking for, you’ll find it in Geisha.


5. Finders Keepers


Finders Keepers is another awesome title on this list of Roblox scary games, and it will make you work for the scares. You are once again an investigator although this time your specialty is the paranormal world. Tasked with investigating strange events at a family house, you need to figure out how the family disappeared by solving clues.


These clues will come in the form of various hidden dark rooms and the pursuit of disks that you must gather. However, be careful as the disks contain a demonic entity that will hunt you down. Full of scary jumpscares and scary sounds, Finders Keepers is an amazing horror mystery game.


6. Rainbow Friends


Few game makers put the effort of actually including small cinematics into their games. Rainbow Friends is one scary game on Roblox that actually includes them. As the player, you’re a student going on a field trip. However, what is supposed to be a simple experience turns horrifying quickly when your bus crashes into an unknown place. Therein you find the Rainbow Friends.


The Rainbow Friends are a twisted concoction of creatures that were supposed to be joyful but are anything but. Each chapter includes its own friend which has different abilities. As the survivor, you’re given a cardboard box to hide in should the blue friend see you. However, green soon joins the party and while it might be blind, it can hear you. Rainbow Friends is a scary game on Roblox that keeps you on edge all the time.


7. The Maze


Fair warning with this scary Roblox, you might feel claustrophobic while playing the game and that means it’s working. Much like the name, the game locks you in an underground maze that you must get out of. All you have for help is a flashlight with a limited battery and a camera.


The Maze is a Roblox horror game you can play with up to 12 players if you want. So if you’re scared of traversing it alone, take a friend or two along. However, still, be cautious since this never-ending puzzle contains creatures of unknown origins that are out to hunt you down. Enjoy this team-based horror game in Roblox.


8. Survive the Killer!


If you’ve played games like Friday the 13th you already know what Survive the Killer is about. This popular Roblox horror game gives players the option to become either survivors or killers. As a Survivor, you must run and hide from the killer that is out to get you and your friends. You can either hide alone or party up with friends and escape together.


The Killer must eliminate as many players as they can before the victims can escape or the time runs out. One of the most played Robox Games in 2023, Survive the Killer is a scary yet exciting adventure you and your friends can take for fun. Check it out


9. Zombie Attack


No horror game list is complete without Zombies and you’ll love knowing that Roblox has a few of them too. Zombie Attack is a wave-based zombie shooting Robox game where you and your friends can team up together.


As part of the survivors, you must fight and take out as many waves as possible. Along the way, you get access to new weapons and lethal combat to take them out. However, progression also unlocks rare zombies and even the big Zombie boss that you must take down to earn more rewards. Packed with guns and gore, Zombie Attack is a classic horror shooter in Roblox that you can play with your friends.


10. Stop it, Slender!


This scary Roblox game is another one that is based on a popular urban legend. Focusing on the horrific Slender Man, this horror game in Roblox tasks citizens (players) with finding all the eight hidden pages that have been scattered around the area. However, you’re not alone as the Slender Man himself is after you acting like a ticking time bomb.


Featuring a creepy atmosphere along with your flashlight that tends to flicker, Stop it Slender adapts the urban legend quite nicely in Roblox. Get this game if you want to relieve Slender Man while being absolutely terrified in Roblox.


11. The Mirror


One of my biggest fears in the horror genre is Mirrors and the scary possibilities they present. The Mirror is based on that exact phenomenon and takes place in an underground place full of mirrors. As the player, you must navigate through the place and discover these various mirrors.


However, the mirrors hide much more than just your reflection. The Mirror is a Roblox horror game that is full of jumpscares at any turn and creepy noises all around. While you can play this horror game with friends, the best experience will be enjoyed alone if you want to scare yourself the most.


12. The Haunted Imperial Hotel


Featuring an abandoned hotel that was closed down due to multiple deaths caused by a collapse, the Imperial Hotel game is a Roblox horror that packs intense mysterious vibes. Based on exploration mechanics combined with horror, this Roblox game lets you explore a supposedly haunted hotel that is full of unexplained mysteries.


As the explorer, you must navigate through the building while dodging enemies and clearing traps. This scary Roblox game packs a lot of horror along with jumpscares. And if you feel alone, you can always play multiplayer and invite your friends too.


13. Murder Mystery 2


This multiplayer Roblox horror game will be loved by Trouble in Terrorist Town players and Among Us fans. Featuring the same mechanics but on a scary map, Murder Mystery 2 divides the players into three different teams – Innocents, Sherrif, and Murderer. As the Innocents on the team, you must run and hide from the murderer while trying to work out who it can be.


The Sherrif on the team has to work with innocents who must take out the murderer as they are the only ones with a weapon. The murderer must simply eliminate everyone. Murder Mystery 2 is a scary Roblox game that deserves a place in the best games like Among Us.


14. Bear (ALPHA)


Bear is one of the top scary Roblox games in which you might require teamwork to win. This 10-player survival horror game puts Roblox players on a common map. Out of the 10 players, one is Bear who is tasked with hunting and eliminating everyone. However, the rest of the players are not helpless.


The game gives survivors access to multiple weapons which they can use to fight back Bear. While you just might survive Bear alone, you will need the help of your teammates to take it down and win the game. Does your team have what it takes?


15. SCP: Roleplay


Short for Secure, Contain and Protect, this Roblox horror game has an interesting story and roleplaying elements mixed into it. As part of the SCP world, the government funds the SCP foundation, which is in charge of protecting the world from various anomalous creatures.


Players in SCP will get the chance to roleplay the various SCP characters involved in the plot including a Class-D SCP, a scientist, a security guard, and many more. If you’ve always been interested in the world of SCP, now is the time to try it out in the Roblox world.


16. DOORS


Instead of focusing on a single game, Doors itself is an interactive experience that dives into various scenarios. Doors is an ambitious mix of puzzle-solving mechanics along with survival horror. The players start out in a hotel lobby with elevators all around them. Each elevator leads to a different floor i.e. – a map with its own maze of a design. The maps host various puzzles that you need to solve to escape.


However, Doors also plagues these maps with different creatures that each have their own abilities. Alone with these anomalies, you must figure out how exactly to avoid them if you want to make it out alive. However, don’t fret if you don’t end up making it. As Doors teaches players, each death has something to teach the players about the monsters. So if you’re someone who wanted an expansive scary game on Roblox, Doors is one of them.


17. Happy Oofday! (ALPHA)


The new Happy Oofday! is a remaster of the 2018 original that scared the Roblox community into playing it. The new revamped Oofday is a single-player oof themed horror Roblox game that has been divided into various chapters.


The released chapter one of Oofday focuses on a birthday party. Your friends have invited you to an abandoned yellow house to celebrate your birthday. However, none of you know that the house is haunted by oof, a yellow-looking malicious spirit. Featuring multiple endings that can take you anywhere, Happy Oofday is a funny-sounding yet horrifying game in Roblox.


18. The Rake REMASTERED


The Rake is a horror game in Roblox inspired by a creepypasta character of the same name. This massively played survival horror game puts you on a map with The Rake, a grey humanoid creepypasta character who is not friendly at all.


Based on several places and spreading across different modes, you must survive against the Rake while trying to maintain your sanity. This is one of the best Roblox scary games that you must try.


19. Insane Elevator


This Roblox horror game is one that turns down the scares a little and so can be played by players of all ages. Insane Elevator makes players get in an elevator for a chance to win various rewards. However, with you are also various killers based on different movies and games including Pennywise the Clown, Sired Head, and even the Rake.


As the player, you must survive through multiple levels and finish challenges. This is also a multiplayer Roblox horror game so you can invite your friends and all be cramped in the same Insane Elevator if you wish.


20. The Asylum


The Asylum is a scary Roblox game made by Eagle Studios, an independent company specializing in horror Roblox games. Divided into various chapters, The Asylum makes players explorers as they roam around this abandoned horrific institution and look to solve the mystery.


While chapter one will make you explore the asylum, chapter two takes you to another scary compound just beside it. Try out this scary Roblox game if you dare.


21. It Lurks


You don’t need to go far into asylums to find yourself in horrific situations. It Lurks is a single-player scary game on Roblox that begins right at home. You see the map through a child’s perspective who has been told to go to bed. However, as soon as he does, he finds himself in a house abandoned by his parents and brother. However, he isn’t exactly alone.


As the only human in the house, you have to explore it while running and hiding from an unknown entity that is chasing you down. The game has been divided into chapters that make the experience scarier the deeper you progress into the story. The game contains a good amount of jumpscares so be sure you can handle them before you dive in.


22. Breaking Point


This popular R0blox horror game was banned at one point for being too scary but is now back and stronger than ever. Breaking Point is a murder mystery multiplayer game that seats various Roblox players around a single table to commence a game.


The players all have one objective, eliminate everyone else. The players do this by taking turns and using weapons. Breaking Point also features multiple game modes including ‘Who Did it‘ in which a player is selected as the Murderer and others have to guess who it is. Try Breaking Point if you’re looking for a good and scary multiplayer Roblox game.


23. Piggy


Ending things on a creepy note, Piggy is yet another eerie scary game you can get on Roblox. Piggy incorporates puzzle solving along with horror so you’re not only scared but also confused. To win Piggy, you can solve puzzles while evading the villain which is, you guessed it, Piggy.


Clocking over 9.1 billion player visits, Piggy is one of the most played and ever-expanding games that are regularly updated. The game series has been divided into books and chapters. At this time of writing this, Piggy is in Book 2, Chapter 11. Check out the latest Piggy scary horror games on Roblox and have fun.


24. Project Lazarus: Zombies


While scary games on Roblox mostly include running and hiding but that doesn’t mean you can’t fight back. Project Lazarus is a survival shooter that instead of hiding, arms players with deadly weapons. As the player you find yourself smack dab in the middle of a zombie apocalypse. The game includes multiple maps where players see themselves cooperating with other gamers to kill zombies using their weapons.


You can go around the map setting up barricades that delay the zombie onslaught. While ammo is limited, players can buy armaments scattered throughout the map using points they gain. However, even your weapons might not be enough when the horde comes calling. Project Lazarus’s zombie horror combined with its intense ammo management makes this game of the best scary games on Roblox.


25. A Wolf or Other


Continuing the predator streak is A Wolf or Other, a scary game on Roblox that literally makes you a wolf. Based on a game scenario like Survive the Killer, the game is team-based and puts all the players on a big-scale map. Out of all the players, one is made the wolf. As the creature, it’s your job to track everyone down and eliminate them.


The innocent survivors have to do everything in their power to run and hide from the wolf. Unfortunately, the wolf can run faster and is generally more agile making this very difficult. However, it’s up to the survivors to figure out how they can fool the creature. If you do find yourself as the wolf then roam about the map swinging your claws every which way as you relish your victim’s screams.


26. Blair


When it comes to popularising the horror genre in recent days, the game Phasmophobia deserves major appreciation. Taking inspiration from that, we have Blair on Roblox. It offers us a multiplayer experience where you have to explore different maps and identify various types of ghosts.


The game has 6 different types of evidence, and you have to test all of them until you have identified the ghost. While you try to identify the ghost, the ghost, in turn, tries to eliminate your team – one player at a time. If you are looking for a fun game night experience to enjoy with a small group of friends, Blair is a great scary Roblox game.


27. The Darkness Beyond


Most scary games rely on the terrifying looks of the monsters to scare players. But what if you didn’t know what was after you? This Roblox game relies on the fear of darkness to scare players. You can play it in single-player mode or with your friends for higher stakes.


The main objective here is to prevent the horrifying creature of darkness from entering your house. You can lock doors, and bar windows, and use cameras to prevent the thing from reaching you. But if you fail to prevent the penetration, then the game might end up becoming a source of your nightmares.


28. Judy


If you are looking for a good plot combined with creepy monsters, Judy is a great Roblox game that will haunt you at night. It begins innocently as a multiplayer investigative game where you and your friends have to explore a theme park from the 70s. But as mysteries start unfolding, you are exposed to the disappearance of Judy.


Then you have to explore Judy’s manor and try to find Judy in the game’s second chapter. But the path is filled with terrifying jump scares and lurking monsters. Assuming that you somehow survive that, the final chapter of Judy involves an intense boss fight at the ocean. This is one of the best scary Roblox games and offers a complete plot-based experience that is genuinely interesting and not made up of flashy monsters.


29. Three Nightmares


As its name tells, the Three Nightmares allows us to experience three unique horror stories within a single game. Each story is based on different locations, and all of them revolve around finding objects. The catch here is that there is almost no source of light except for the torch in your hand that you have to use to explore each map.


But each map here also has its own “nightmare” monster lurking in the dark only for you to step into its reach. Packed with creepy noises, familiar places, and very unexpected jump scares, the Three Nightmares is sure to give you one nightmare tonight.


30. Midnight Horrors


If exploring all of the scary horror games on our list feels like a tiring task, just go for Midnight Horrors on Roblox. It offers 450+ unique monsters who can ensure you don’t go for any other horror game anytime soon. From aliens ready to abduct you to Slender Man lurking in the woods, this game has fuel for all types of terrors.


If somehow, hundreds of scary creatures aren’t enough for you, the game also offers unique maps catering to each monster. So, it’s not only the creepy characters but also their environment that you have to defeat. As the developers describe it, Midnight Horrors is absolute chaos. But if you want to experience true horror, it’s a dreamland for you.


Be Scared out of Your Wits by These Best Roblox Horror Games


We hope you enjoy all the above scary Roblox games either alone or with your friends. Roblox is a popular game that isn’t limited to certain systems either. Even Chromebook users can install Roblox without trouble. And in case, you’re bored of this game, there are many games like Roblox that you can play instead. Have recommendations for more games? Let us know in the comments below!
