Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Download My Time at Portia


As you know, MOD means editing APK files. As a result, the MOD APK files will not match the version available on the Google Play Store.


That's why Play Protect now warns you every time you want to install MOD APK.


So the best way is to turn off Play Protect completely and never mind it if you want to install and use the MOD APK.


Choose the version that has the APK or APKs or XAPK icon only if you want to download the original.


Choose the version that has the MOD icon if you want to download the MOD version.


Each version has a different installation method. So on the download page of each version, we have specific installation instructions.


Download FAQs


Just wait a few seconds and the download button will appear.


The server we use is a high quality, dedicated type that allows distribution of huge volumes of files to all users. Therefore, we are confident that the download speed of APKMODY is not inferior to any other storage system.


In case the download speed is slow, please check your bandwidth.


If there is a mistake between the description and the downloaded file, please report it to us via the contact section at the bottom of the page.


If there is a problem with the broken link, cannot download file, please report to our webmasters. Thank you!


Of course, every file is checked by antivirus software before being uploaded to the system.
Our hosting server is also regularly checked to avoid any threats.


My Time at Portia APK + MOD (Menu, Unlimited Money, Unlocked all) v1.0.11268


If you want to download the latest version of My Time at Portia APK, then you must come to apkmody. In apkmody you can download My Time at Portia Mod APK v1.0.11268 for free. Next is a detailed introduction about My Time at Portia Mod APK v1.0.11268.


My Time at Portia Mod APK Free Download


My Time at Portia Mod APK is the PRO version of My Time at Portia APK. By using the My Time at Portia Mod APK, you can easily complete any tasks and requirements in it. Often you need to spend a lot of time or money to get rewards easily, but by using My Time at Portia Mod APK, you often achieve your goals in a very short time. My Time at Portia Mod APK is a great way for you to outshine your competition. Now in apkmody you can download My Time at Portia APK v1.0.11268 for free. This process doesn't cost anything, and you can use it with confidence.


My Time at Portia APK Download with Apkmody


If you don't want to download the My Time at Portia mod APK version, you can also easily download the My Time at Portia APK in Apkmody. apkmody will update the My Time at Portia APK version in the fastest time. Users can easily update My Time at Portia APK without downloading Google Play.


My Time at Portia APK v1.0.11268 2023 Features


New updates:1. 28 sets of new outfits for characters and NPCs available in store!2. Resolved issues related to some devices freezing at loading3. Resolved the non-refresh issue related to certain resource upgrade locations4. Text optimizations5. Fixed the issue with male character displayed as female characters6. Added touch feedback for the mail/post interface————————————————【Recommended Specs:】RAM>3GB，System>Android 9.0【Controller not supported yet】————————————————Welcome to feedback and bug report in our Discord.【https://discord.gg/2tzdsn9Z9u】Discover your inner builder in the open world of Portia!A top hit 3D simulation RPG on PC has now arrived on mobile! Inherit your Pa's workshop, craft and build your way to compete for top builder in town! As you explore and discover hidden relics, restore the glory of human civilization on this post-apocalyptic land. As you grow into a seasoned builder, bond with NPCs and townsfolk to build a circle of friends and romance!【The Civilization of Portia Includes:】- A fully operable 3D workshopEnjoy the fun of building and growing your workshop in this 3D open-world by gathering resources and assembling them into meaningful pieces. Automate your workshop and expand your farm and homeland, and take on more skills and techniques that will benefit the town. Don't forget that you also get to develop animal husbandry, riding a horse or even alpaca is a dream not far away!- Socialize and build a familyMore than 50 interactable NPCs live in Portia. As soon as you land, you'll meet a few of them and as you progress, you can develop further friendships or even romantic relationships with them. There are quite a lot of activities available for socializing, including taking a hot air balloon ride! When everything falls into place, you can tie the knot, have children and experience the joys of parenthood.- Engage in challenging battles and adventures in old civilizationHone your fighting skills to defeat monsters in post-apocalyptic ruins as you unearth the truth of the former civilization buried beneath.- 100% Original PC gameplay and experienceWhether you're a new explorer or a fellow Portian already, you can now bring the entirety of Portia with you on-the-go! Your phone is now your mobile workshop!【Join Our Community：】★Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/MyTimeatPortiaMobile/★Discord: https://discord.gg/2tzdsn9Z9u——————————————【Dear builders! Note that data/saves will be deleted from you phone once the game is uninstalled. Please upload the saves to the cloud before you reset you phone/system or change another device. Thank you!】


How to download and install My Time at Portia Mod APK 1.0.11268


To download My Time at Portia mod from Apkmody.io.


You need to enable the "Unknown Sources" option.


1. Click the Download button at the top of the page to download the My Time at Portia MOD APK.


2. Save the file in your device's download folder.


3. Now click on the downloaded My Time at Portia file to install it and wait for the installation to complete.


4. Once it is done, open the game and start playing immediately.
