Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Google Wallet


Manage your accounts and payments conveniently with Google Pay


Latest version


Google Wallet is the Google payment system which allows you to make payments in the safest way possible. You'll no longer need to carry your credit cards around with you, preventing them from being misplaced or stolen, and ensuring no money is lost from your accounts.


It is very easy to use Google Wallet, all you need to do is add your credit cards manually. If you've already linked any of them to your Google account, however, this tool will automatically add them for you, though certain details must be confirmed for security reasons. Once you've added all your credit cards you can switch between one and another to suit your needs at any given time.


Every time you visit a store and want to pay, just open Google Wallet and hold your mobile device near the payment system and the transaction will be carried out automatically. Remember that you can use it to pay in places where the point-of-sale terminal supports contactless payments, the same ones needed in order to pay by holding your card over them.


You can pay using your smartphone, tablet or Android Wear, as long as they meet the requirements.


Requirements (Latest version)


Google Pay free for Android APK


You will be automatically redirected to the homepage in 30 seconds.


What is Google Pay? Google Pay is a digital wallet and online payment system. It was developed by Google and was launched in September 2015 under the name Android Pay which became Google pay in January 2018. The goal of the app is to allow in-app, as well as tap-to-pay purchases.


What are the key features of Google Pay?



  
Money Transfer: you can send and receive money from friends and family, but also create groups to organize trips or else. Transfers are free with a Google Pay balance and you have no fees if you use an Automated Clearing House (ACH).

  
Contactless Payment: to proceed to contactless payment, you only have to hold your unlocked phone to the reader. However, you can use this feature only where contactless payments are accepted.

  
Online Shopping: you can use the app at checkout.

  
Organization: more than a digital wallet, Google Pay will help you to manage your budget. You can get weekly summaries and overall tracks, as well as reminders for upcoming bills.

  
Cashbacks: you can get cash back that will be automatically added to your balance for paying and referring friends.




How to use Google Pay?


Google Pay’s interface is pretty simple. To set up your Google Pay account, you have to download the app and then connect with your Google account and choose your payment methods: they include credit and debit cards, but also gift and loyalty cards. The app will also ask you to link it to your phone number (this will later allow you to confirm payments). Next, you will get to set your preferences: do you want to be discoverable by your friends, do you want to opt for rewards (see above)? If you find setting up the app difficult, you can always follow the official guide.


Is Google Pay safe?


In order to secure your expenses, the app asks for authentication (fingerprint, pattern, PIN, or face to verify your identity) before every payment. To that, you can also add card encryption, meaning that the app shares a unique Virtual Account Number instead of your actual card number with the receiver. However, keep in mind that once you send money to someone, it means that this is your choice - and Google Pay cannot do anything about that and will not refund you.


Is Google Pay free?


You can download and install the app for free.
