Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



My Wish App 4+


My Wish App from Make-A-Wish UK puts information about your child’s wish at your fingertips. Find out what excitement awaits on your wish, receive key updates and access your itinerary and FAQs… along with a couple of surprises for you and your family along the way. My Wish App puts the details straight into your pocket so you can concentrate on having fun with your family!


Please note access to My Wish App is by invitation only and its use is only applicable to certain wishes.


What’s New


Bug fixes and improvements


App Privacy


The developer, Bridge Events Technology , indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy.


Data Used to Track You


The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies:


Data Linked to You


The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:



  
Contact Info

  
User Content

  
Identifiers

  
Usage Data

  
Diagnostics




Data Not Linked to You


The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity:


Privacy practices may vary based on, for example, the features you use or your age. Learn More


Information


Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 10.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 10.0 or later. Mac Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later.


Wish: Shop and Save 12+


Wish is home to deals on millions of items from around the world. The destination for home and life - discover everything from everyday basics, hobbies & DIY, fashion for all, the latest in tech, to the wonderfully unexpected - and everything in-between, at prices likely to make you smile! The Wish app is the internet’s best-kept secret for affordable online shopping.


DESTINATION FOR HOME AND LIFE
Fuel your free time with a little bit of everything from electronics, fashion, automotive gear, wellness, home essentials, unique decor, the intentionally surprising, and much, much more.


DISCOVERY IS EASY
Scroll the infinite product feed that features items chosen just for you.
Explore by category to find just what you’re looking for.
Find authentic products from your favorite brands.


SAVE ON SHIPPING
Spend less to ship the deals you’ll discover with flat rate shipping.
Get £2.49 flat rate shipping when you spend £8 on eligible items.
Save even more by snagging extra shipping promos and discounts.
Available only in select countries.


SHOP AND SAVE
Shop daily deals and flash sales.
Earn a daily login stamp for every day you open the Wish app. 7 visits gets you up to 50% off!
Use your rewards points to save even more on your favorite items.


WE’VE GOT YOUR BACK
Every order is backed by our Wish Buyer Protection promise.
Get notifications about your order status every step of the way.
Check out securely with credit/debit card, PayPal, Klarna, and more.
Need help with your order? Wish Assistant is at your service 24/7.


SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE 
We’ve got whatever you’re into: clothing, electronics, gardening tools, sports equipment, anime figurines, bags, decor, makeup, toys, drones, smartwatches, or designer perfume.
Find one-of-a-kind gifts for every occasion without going over budget.


STAY IN TOUCH
Instagram: @wish
Facebook: @wish
Customer support: www.wish.com/help


Wishmas 330 event available in select countries, for a limited time.
