Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Driving School Sim v9.0.5 MOD APK (Unlimited Money)


Driving School Sim MOD (Unlimited Money) APK - Driving simulator with realistic car physics and colorful graphics, in which you have a chance to drive the most modern cars. For the passage will be available huge, detailed detailed locations to explore and perform the required tasks on them.


In the garage players are waiting for a variety of vehicles, their number is enormous, more than 150 kinds, from hatchbacks to sports cars to SUVs. They all have different characteristics that can be improved for the game currency. Controls are fully customizable, you can even choose between manual and automatic transmission.



While driving you have to obey the traffic rules, if you violate them you will get fines and that will have a negative effect on your earnings. Graphics strong side of the game, here detailed traced all the elements of the environment and the interiors of machines.


Driving School Sim


A hyper-realistic racing game with tons of fun features


Latest version


Driving School Sim is an awesome driving game that'll really put your skills behind the wheel to the test. Try your hand driving some of the most high-power vehicles on today's market. You'll soon be wheeling your way through the world's greatest metropolis with the aim of getting as many victories under your belt as possible. In fact, the competitive component in Driving School Sim is a huge part of the game. You'll compete against your own driving skills to keep ahead in exciting high speed races. Or, alternately, you can also opt to calmly cruise around each scenario freely in a surprisingly detailed landscape that's full of life.


The main mechanic in Driving School Sim isn't too far off from other driving games. You'll need to keep control of your vehicle at all times by tapping on the pedals located to the right, meanwhile you'll also have to adjust your direction -- by physically tilting your smartphone slightly -- in order to head in a specific direction. Along with these basic controls, Driving School Sim also includes a series of other add-on functions that don't have much of an effect on playability, but do allow you to get even further fully immersed in the game experience. Among these features you'll find: emergency lights, a safety belt option, and a fully functional windshield wiper system.


What's even better about this game is its fine-tuned rewards system. Anytime you win a race in Driving School Sim, it provides you with a bunch of new coins as a prize. Once you have enough saved, you'll get to unlock all sorts of new vehicles to drive along with tons of new circuits to race on.


Requirements (Latest version)


More information

 Package Name com.ovilex.drivingschoolsim  License Free  Op. System Android    Category Racing/Sim  Language English

Car Driving School Simulator


Please join Moddroid on Telegram and Discord , you could play with more friends!


Recommend Games & Apps


BMX Cycle Rider Cycle Racing


American Speedway


Beach Buggy Racing


2023.01.11 + Mod: Unlimited Money


Vintage car race


Offroad Outlaws


Derby Demolition


Renegade Racing


Geometry Dash


Your Review 


Reviews 


Unlock full Review features with


Moddroid APP!


Discover thousands of games and apps! Meet gamers and give comments for interesting games!


© Copyright 2017-2023 MODDROID.COM


Contribute your strength to Moddoird!


It looks like you’re using an Ad blocker.


* But blockers may prevent you from downloading games normally.


* Moddroid relies on ads to provide free games and MODs.


* If you’d like to support Moddroid, please support us by turning off your adblocker.
