Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Updated Guide (Siege oriented)


As new content are created by the developers, the way to see and play Dungeon Crusher are modified, therefore a new guide for newcomers and come-backers is needed.


There are currently six main contents in the game: Progression, PvP, Clans, Weekly Events, Champions League and Siege.


The main goal of this guide is to give you information to build your own strategy and to give some strategies suggestions to thrive in all the contents.


There are elements that was used from various other pages in this wiki. My intention is not to take credit for or minimise the work of the authors.


Also, a lot of credit to Melkor, Adrestia [GOONS] clan leader. A lot of the information here comes from his clan rules/manual found in https://tinyurl.com/yxrz8n32 


The Six Contents Of The Game 


Progression 


Progression is the main feature of every idle game, it is how far you can reach in the Specters that will give you Hero Souls when defeated. This currency gives you bonus damage and can be used to buy and upgrade Artifacts.


Caves and Emerlands Mines are features of this content too.


PvP 


PvP are based duels where you have to defeat other player (runned by an AI) whitin a time limit.


You can use heroes skills and some items to help you win. Using the skills will most certainly grant you the win.


Winning duels will grant you hearts, that can be used to buy and upgrade Bloody Artifacts.


Clans 


Clans can be created or joined. Being in a clan will unlock two features: Clan Science and Clan Arena.


Clan Science is a feature where all the clan's members can contribute with currencies to increase the bonuses the clan give to each member, contributing to the Clan Science will grant you Science Points.


In Clan Arena, you can play PvP duels to give you Influence Points and even more Hearts. Collecting Influence Points will increase your Arena Ranking.


Weekly Events 


Weekly Events are events that runs for 7 days every 7 days.


Prizes are awarded at the end of each event, based on points earned towards the event.


How these points are earned alternates every week, from earning Science Points and Influence Points (Clans Content) to Level clears and defeating Event Bosses (Progression Content).


Champions League 


Achieving map level 400 in progression will unlock the Champions League.


Players must build attacking and defensive decks, in order to participate. There are a total of 6 decks, each with 4 heroes. Victory goes to the player who wins at least 4 deck battles.


Every win will grant you a shard's pack. And you will also be rewarded at the end of the week based on your final placement.


Sieges 


Sieges is a co-operative boss hunting weekly event.


Similarly to the Champions League, players need to build their deck, but to track and defeat bosses.


Participating in the Boss defeat will give you points. Rewards are given to the players based on the number of points accumulated and on the final placement at the end of the week.


What Changed And Why To Pick This Strategy 


Evolving your progression means basically that you are increasing the max damage you have, the best way to do this is to pick the hero with the higher base damage you can find and invest into him all resources you can.


This strategy was indeed the best one until the Siege and Champions League were created.


Investing in a hero that is good on the other contents and can still take you further in map levels became the best choice.


The first question is: but this won't just make my progression slower?


Yes and no. Preparing yourself to League and Sieges instead of focusing directly on the progression may cause the sensation that you are not going anywhere in the early-mid levels, but you will be able to activate Prenax and Kerthroraaz much easier, making your transition to the mid-late levels faster.


Summing Up: you can still use the strategy suggested on Advanced Gameplans page, I am only suggesting another strategy that in my oppinion works better.


RECOMMENDED: Tips and Strategy Page 


I highly recommend you to read the Tips and Strategy page before reading this guide.


The tips you should avoid using in order to use the strategy contained in this guide are the ones about equipment, rarity and grading.


CHAPTER 1: Hero Rarity And Early Progression 


How To Get and How To Manipulate Hero Rarity Upgrades 


Choosing the hero you want to upgrade and knowing how to do it 100% of the times you receive a rarity upgrade is the most important thing in the game.


Everytime you get a Rarity Upgrade, the game will show you a 3 random heroes list for you to choose who will receive it. Here are some facts you need to know about Hero Rarity Upgrades:



  
The first thing you have to learn is how to obtain them 

  
You can upgrade the rarity of a specific hero (no list) with emerald and bottle . 

  
The vallue needed to upgrade a hero rarity through currency is listed on Heroes Rarity page.



  
Everyday you can defeat one Daily Boss for free. The 2nd boss of the day will cost 50 bottle , the 3rd will cost 100 bottle and the 4th will cost 200 bottle , and so on.



  
Mystic Vault is the reward for winning 10 Clan Arena duels. 

  
You can get a Mystic Vault for free every 5 hours.



  
Will only appear on the list the heroes that are already hired in the current run. So if you have 3 or less heroes hired, you will already know what hero will appear.

  
If you send a hero to the mines and make a dark ritual, it won't appear on the 3-heroes list in the next run.




The early part of this guide are based in these informations.


The 3 Heroes Start After a Dark Ritual Strategies 


If you can manipulate the heroes that will appear in the Hero Rarity Upgrade list by hiring only three heroes in the start of a run, then choosing these 3 heroes wisely would be the most wise thing to do.


There are two main strategies to have this 3 heroes start: Starter-Transition-End Hero Strategy and the Midas Jump Start Strategy.


Starter-Transition-End Hero Strategy 


This 3 heroes start strategy is based on choosing a Starter Hero, a Transition Hero and the End Hero, so let me explain what are those.


The End Hero is the most important hero and is the only one that will always exist, because he is the Hero you want to give the Rarity Upgrade.


But most of the times you won't be able to hire the The End Hero right away, that's why you need the Start Hero and the Transition Hero to advance through the levels until you have Gold enough to hire him.


It is advised to buy and level up the Magic Bag artifact in order to have money to hire your start hero.


If you don't need a Start Hero and/or a Transition Hero, you should always replace them with Soul Totem to increase the number of Souls you get during the run.



  
Heroes suggested:

  
Starter Hero: Feralheart (Magic Bag Level needed: 10 - Max rarity advised: Legendary)

  
Transition Hero: Nushkilan

  
End Hero: up to you. Suggested priorities are in the next topic.

  
If there is no need for Starter and/or Transition Hero, hire Soul Totem.




Midas Jump Start Strategy 


Once you have the Spatial Portal artifact leveled enough, you can start using this strategy.


The strategy consists in coming back to level 44-59 and kill some monsters clicking them in order to be able to hire and upgrade King Midas (until level 100) and your Player Hero (until level 25) to unlock the Arrow Shower and the Hand of Midas.


With both skills unlocked, go back to your current max level and use them together. With the money earned through this combo, you will most certainly be able to hire the hero you want to give the Rarity Upgrade.


If the money isn't enough, you can either use a Transition Hero or upgrade your Spatial Portal to be able to do so.


The Midas Jump Start Strategy also give you the power to hire Soul Totem all the runs and saves you a lot of time on each run.



  
Dark Ritual

  
Go back to lvl 44-59 and click to kill some monsters

  
Hire and upgrade your Player Hero to level 25

  
Hire and upgrade King Midas to level 100

  
Go to your current max level

  
Activate Arrow Shower and Hand of Midas Skill at the same time

  
Hire and upgrade Soul Totem level to the max

  
Hire the hero of choice

  
Open the PvP Chest and/or Defeat Daily Boss

  
Give your hero tha rarities




Observation: it is not possible to set a Spatial Portal minimum level to start using this strategy, because there are a lot of other variables that influence the money you earn through the Hand of Midas skill than the level you are. You need to keep trying until you can pull it off.


Suggested Priorities 


These are the heroes (in order) I suggest you upgrade the rarity:



  
Feralheart (up to Legendary) 

  
Legendary Feralheart will be able to reach level 400, enabling him to be the perfect Starter Hero to upgrade the next suggested heroes.



  
They are both great on Sieges and League, and also have a nice base damage to help you through Progression.

  
Both of them will be able to reach level 1501 on Galaxy X, important mark to start farming high-level heroes, as it unlocks a better Shard Pack

  
Sir Zeliek will be extremely useful on your first siege team (explained on Chapter 2), that's why I suggest to upgrade him first.



  
Amazing base damage hero to help you through Progression. Also have a useful ability in Siege/League.



  
From now on, you will already have the knowlage to know what to upgrade. 

  
4M Siege Points Heroes (that can also be bought through the shop in the Siege Set), will probably be your choice.




After upgrading Sir Zeliek and Nushkilan is possible (probable even) that you won't have Kerthroraaz yet. If you don't, here are good choices:


Sieges


The "Sieges" game mode is a cooperative/competitive boss hunting weekly event.


Each boss found is worth a certain amount of points, with players earning shares of that value based on their contribution toward killing the boss. There is, however, a time limit (usually 30 min) given to kill a given boss. If exceeded, the boss escapes, and all player contributions are discarded for no return value.


Like other weekly events, prizes are awarded both at the end of the event based on a player's final ranking, as well as the instant a player's total points reach certain fixed tiers. While points are awarded from the slain boss' point value, extra awards are granted to the player(s) who originally found the boss, made the killing blow, and did the most damage to the boss.


Contents



  
1 Siege introduction

  
1.1 Controlling boss tracks

  
1.2 Clan bosses

  
1.3 Bugle farming



  
2.1 Siege Chests

  
2.2 Adventure Bosses

  
2.3 Other Rare Bosses



  
3.1 Elite Heroes by Siege

  
3.2 Bosses in week



  
4.1 Ranking Rewards

  
4.2 Point Tier Rewards

  
4.3 Clan Rewards




Tracking down the boss (and actually hitting it) is worth 5% of the boss' point value and 1 Bugle. Getting the last hit is also worth 5% of the boss' value and 1 Bugle. Being MVP for the fight is worth 30% of the boss' value and 1 Bugle (for bosses ~13m HP and below) or Gjallarhorn (above ~13m HP). The remaining 60% is divided equally between all players who successfully damaged the boss. If a player finds the boss, does most of the damage, and kills it, they will receive a mail for that boss win containing the bugles, potential Gjallarhorn and a summary of the points earned.


To participate, a player forms a team from currently hired heroes, in a manner similar to the Champion's League. The stats and skills used in this event are the same as in the Champion's League, as well. However, for this, the player picks 6 heroes who are the first up against a boss, as well as 4 back-ups who fill in for defeated heroes at the end of each round, assuming there was a defeated hero, and a back-up remaining.


Each Attack against a boss uses an Attack chance, and lasts 10 rounds of your hero team vs the attacked boss and their (up to 4) summoned minions. A Power Attack, for 5x normal hero stats, costs 3 Attack chances. Only damage to the boss itself counts as contribution towards the overall win, and players who do not manage to damage the boss are not counted if/when points are awarded.


Up to 3 Attack chances can be stored, with new chances refilling at a rate of 1 per hour. Attacks can also be refilled with horns, 1 chance per Bugle, or all 3 with a Gjallarhorn. Attacks can be automatically refilled upon use; this will always draw from Bugles before Gjallarhorns (even if all 3 attacks need to be refilled), which may lead to having only Gjallarhorns left, and therefore being used to refill just one attack.


Bosses come in a variety of types, point values, and power levels, primarily distinguished by the amount of HP they have. For an hour at a time at 5 specific times throughout each day (see below), so-called "top bosses" can be found, matching the main event hero available for that week. These are generally spawned with 500M HP, 2B or 5B HP, and 10B HP with summoned clan bosses. A player's power level seems to determine their probabilities of receiving higher-HP bosses.


Controlling boss tracks


Which bosses can be found by the player is dependent upon how many Gild Points ( gild ) the player owns. By reaching 10K Gild Points you can no longer track 9M and 11M HP bosses. Amount assigned to individual heroes is irrelevant here, with sacrificing to the Altar as the only way to decrease the total owned, and thereby find lower HP bosses.


Note: when below 150 gild you'll not be able to track top bosses.


The below table is not accurate but gives a good insight in how the amount of gilds affect which bosses can be tracked. Click to view full content


Clan bosses


Clan-only bosses can be summoned by spending 400 bottle , or by using Demon's horns. Clan-only bosses are especially vulnerable to the "siege gun" available for purchase in the shop for that week's siege. Demon's horns are awarded to clan leaders when the clan reaches certain points thresholds, can be bought alongside siege guns in the shop, and also occasionally drop from siege chests.


Bugle farming


Bugle farming is when you attack bosses with the purpose of gaining more bugles than you spend.



  
If you personally track a boss (there's only 1 participant to start off with, being you) you're guaranteed 1 bugle if you damage the boss and it dies.

  
If you get MVP on a boss you'll get 1 bugle, or 1 gjallarhorn if it's a boss giving 2445 or more points.

  
If you get killing blow on a boss you'll get 1 bugle.




This means you generally can get 3 bugles for a single attack on a single boss if the boss is weak enough, and you're strong enough.


For farming bugles there's two key heroes, Lord Draador and Dendi as they both have a special attack to remove 70% of the target boss remaining health. If only one of the two are unlocked the deck can still work, though at a lower success ratio.


Their skill only works on bosses worth less than 2445 points.


Besides the two heroes you'll also need siege guns. The most optimal is 3, but when new to the game it can be difficult to get hold of those.


Untill either Dendi or Dradoor is unlocked it's a good choice to keep low on gild so you generally track low health bosses. One strategy is to stay below 150 gilds, and only go above 150 to earn the 4 million siege points to collect the siege hero, and potentially drop down below 150 afterwards again.


Advanced siege


Siege Chests


During the Top Boss hours, the player who gets the final hit on medium-sized bosses (generally, 84M HP through 220M HP, though some siege weeks have slightly different HP ranges) receives a siege chest instead of a Bugle as a reward in their mail. These chests can be opened without a key, and may contain rare items. The vast majority simply contain a Bugle, but they can also drop Gjallarhorns, equipment chests or keys, star elixirs, demon's horns, or magic bottles.


Adventure Bosses


Very occasionally, a rare boss can spawn which begins a sequence of so-called "Adventure bosses." The special adventure bosses take a number of forms: Lord Draador; Granados, Lion King; Cow King; and possibly others. They differ in HP and mechanics, but all drop a special Adventure Chest Lv. 1, which contains a number of rewards, including a map fragment, which is used to summon the next adventure boss.


Other Rare Bosses


Black King bosses can appear in normal weeks. They are the same creature that appear in Rune Week, but provide rune chests for tracking, killing, and MVP bonuses (small, small, and medium, respectively).


Legends tell of finding "Judges" as bosses, which drop mysterious Judge tokens.


Siege Weeks


The siege weeks rotate on a 9-week cycle. However, the "Main" boss and hero alternate each cycle (except, presumably, for during Rune Week), so it's also sort of an 18-week cycle. The 8 "Main" bosses will appear sequentially, followed by Rune Week, followed by the 8 "Main Alt" bosses, then Rune Week again, then it starts all over. Alt weeks do not change in any other respect. You can use Dust of change to switch shards between Main and Alt Boss.


All siege guns have the same stats. A dedicated gun for a week gets a stat multiplier (x100) when fighting a summoned Clan Boss.


Note that Main Alt bosses may be of different types, necessitating different runes or heroes.


Dungeon Crusher GUIDE


THere are 8 weeks of different sieges. Every week game’s shop got a Siege Set with a specific gun inside which costs void (main currency).


When you buy this Siege Set for a first time – you receive a special bonus – 5x demon horns (DH) – very valuable items which give possibility to summon clan boss and eventually get 230m elite heroes.


So it’s 1 time possibility for each type of siege – to get bonus DH for buying Siege Gun. There are 8 different sieges and 8 guns – so you could buy guns with bonus demon horns 8 times.


As Siege Set cost 1 void – donate currency – a lot of players want to exchange their void for demon horns. But as you could do it only 1 time per week and only 8 times in during your lifetime – players buying the opportunity to get horns for void from other players. It’s called ‘cash out void‘


So you write in main chat something like: “I will cash out your void for 5 dh.”


This means that you are looking for a person who will send you void in exchange for 5 dh. You receive void, buy Siege Set for it – and then you send 5 demons horns to the player and leave yourself a gun. Free gun! 🙂


You could repeat this thing 8 times total – with each siege type. After you did it once – item in the shop won’t show DHs inside Siege Set.


Getting 230m hero in Dungeon Crusher


There are two ways to get 230m elite hero:


1. gather 25-40 DH (demon horns) and nuke Clan Bosses.


Where to get DH? 
1) trading: sell your ‘free’ guns, rune chests etc 
2) solofarming clan 
3) $


2. get 4m GalX and try to make 230m during siege hours. It’s pretty hard. Possible only if you play at very active server.


My personal experience: I’ve spend 29 honrs and 400 bungles to get 230m.


Heroes which shouldn’t go to mines


At this picture on the left you see heroes which is ABSOLUTELY forbidden to send to mines as they provide skills.


And this text list below shows which heroes you should NOT send to mines to dig emeralds if you wish to complete daily quests too (raise hero to 800 lvl quest):


Abe 
Ena Hawkeye 
Griswold 
Garrick 
G’eld Kil’Ndar 
Bobby 
Nerdd Cladd’Urden 
Sha, the Alchemist 
King Midas 
Helazar, Dead Lord 
Brath the Merciless 
Darthu 
Ethelinda 
Rakka Fireheart 
Na’Ziba 
Dakkot 
… and your main hero (mine is Nush) 
… and your hero for gaining rarity (elite or other)


Abe, Griswold & Neerd can be upgraded to 2 Stars with equipment for pretty cheap and can be altared every run for bonus hero shards as well.


Always be careful in Altar. Double check all selected heroes before you click OK so you don’t burn something you need… (Deli)


Where to setup your Spatial Portal artifact



  

  
39 loot (before that loot do not drop)

  
78 spectres (before that specters do not appear)

  
434 rare zone (endgame players prefer it to get Holograms item drop)

  
646 (to pass 666 one)

  
1434 Rare Loot Zone

  
1646 Bypass Devil Levels

  
1778 Hire Kerth

  
2434 Rare Loot Zone with Space Gear loot

  
2646 Bypass Devil Level

  
3434 Rare Loot Zone with Space Gear loot

  
4000 Max level for Spatial portal… at 5000 Level 6 Gear Drops.




Burn ranks


Sera, Mistress of Flies, Mecharion,
