Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



EMPIRE FOUR KINGDOMS HACK INFORMATION:


Today we are happy to demonstrate to you Empire Four Kingdoms Hack . It is designed for iOS and android. No root/jailbreak required! Thanks to this application you can add Rubies and much more to your Empire Four Kingdoms account!. We know that there are plenty of fake hacks and unlocks, but not this time! We keep Empire Four Kingdoms Hack fresh and updated so that, you can really enjoy smooth gameplay every day. We are a successful team, that consists of 3 people. We try our best to hack the most recent applications. On our account we have many awards and certifications. In case of trouble, write to us via Contact tab. Hack is secured by Ghost Script and we guarantee 100% safety. Empire Four Kingdoms Hack works on all devices like:


FEATURES:



  
– Empire Four Kingdoms Hackis undetectable

  
– You is not going to get banned for using this. Apply proxy and antiban script

  
– Simple to use

  
– Just click Start Hack and you are done!

  
– Generate UNLIMITED Rubies to your game account

  
– Items will be added within few hours!

  
– 100% satisfaction ensured!

  
– Download Empire Four Kingdoms Hackand have fun!

  
– User-friendly




SETUP INFORMATION:



  
1. Plug you device via cable.

  
2. Open app.

  
3. Select your operating system.

  
4. Click detect device .

  
5. Use anti ban script and proxy to acquire high security.

  
6. Submit wished values.

  
7. Press Hack.

  
8. Enjoy game.




DOWNLOADING MANUAL:



  
1. Click on Download button.

  
2. Download Empire Four Kingdoms Hackand have fun.




Are you still waiting? Download Empire Four Kingdoms Hack and enjoy yourself with infinite Rubies at this moment! Be part of hundreds of users who appreciated our hack. If you like our app follow us on Facebook and leave a response beneath. Have a pleasant time playing. We finally decided to release this hack under free license, so just fill the survey and use Empire Four Kingdoms Hack . Our all products are without any passwords!


Hacks,Links and passwords


Hello everyone. We have unfortunately people sending messages on game and in other third party chats to open a YouTube link or go to site. This is a trap to get information to your password. This is a hack.


Also PLEASE do not ever give out your password. GG is not responsible if you give out your password to share it and GG does not condone it. There's certain people In there posing as one of your alliance leaders and asking for your password in game.


Comments


La vous donner les comptes de vos joueurs et joueuses a des hackeurs avec votre acceptation là ?
Je ne comprends pas que vous êtes avec des mafieux là pour ma part ?
Après vous faites se que vous voulez sur Nous !
cordialement raleed !
Expliquer nous merci !


Would be useful if password change/set screens had extra new password box so game confirmed you had entered same password twice, otherwise typos are too easy. 

Knowing trees, I understand the meaning of patience.
Knowing grass, I can appreciate persistence.

Would be useful if password change/set screens had extra new password box so game confirmed you had entered same password twice, otherwise typos are too easy.

Knowing trees, I understand the meaning of patience.
Knowing grass, I can appreciate persistence.
Knowing trees, I understand the meaning of patience.
Knowing grass, I can appreciate persistence.

The forum was secure, the problem was that the security certificate had expired. But security was active nonetheless, just browsers "complained" about that fact.


We get those YouTube/etc messages all the time. None of my teammates go to those links. Two of my teammates, had their accounts hacked. Neither one of them shared their password. Even after they updated the passwords multiple times, their accounts were attacking a metro at another alliance. One had all of his rubies spent, the other had his castle moved from his ops near me. One had carts of food being sent to a player we are at war with. The other had all of his defense in GE sent to one op, the hacker set the defense to all ranged, all slits, then hit it, after they dropped the account from our alliance. This only happened to two people. Both of whom are very private and secure about password sharing. Maybe y'all should stop blaming the players and actually look into it. If you think this is only happening to my family, think again. Multiple alliances have the same thing happening to a member or two in their family. Now you tell me how that is the players fault? 
Apple and Google are not shy about refunds. Seeing as how the hackers seems to like to spend rubies, it's very similar to someone hacking a checking account and using all the money. Eventually, they will get their money or rubies back. 


This has been looked into many times, recently a few days ago after a string of reports on your server (US1). As our server has all the logins tracked, our server developers and Fraud team, checked all the logins of the "hackers", and then reverse-traced their logins to old members of the Alliance. 
If a real hacker (that happened to also play E4K) had hacked our password database I believe he would just login to many many more players, and not just target one single person (or even two) of an alliance. He would go around wrecking havoc on everyone, or at least that would be my guess.


The forum was secure, the problem was that the security certificate had expired. But security was active nonetheless, just browsers "complained" about that fact.


I think it means that it wasn't guaranteed that the website was definitely the genuine forum?


Anyway, it fixed now, thanks for replying. Not totally sure reply i got to support ticket wasnt sarcasm.

Knowing trees, I understand the meaning of patience.
Knowing grass, I can appreciate persistence.

The player in question has been dealt with and we're keeping a close eye on the matter. This should satisfy the complaints for now. Thank you for your time


@Samwise_Gamgee 
it was not just one alliance. It was not just one team impacted. It was not just a disgruntled former teammate situation. There were many impacted by both the account access issues and actions under taken by the player accessing those accounts. All of the activities we were able to track and document over the last MONTH were already shared with a GG rep so I won't rehash it here.


Discounting the security shortcomings that allowed this player to carry out a very well planned and well executed attack on accounts and the community, while sweeping it to player fault and failure does little to acknowledge both the changes needed (I.e. Email verification of changes to account, 3-strike password failure lock out, the reset password option actually working), and to the efforts that many who are part of this community put into helping bring this situation to a close.


the efforts to get this shut down are appreciated, so let's finish this and do right by all. Of those who were directly affected I hope GG bring equal restorative treatment to the accounts, and the people who run them. Not just because one player knows the right things to say, not just because it might actually do some good to GG's reputation, not just because the norm in the past for accounts destroyed by spite has been to leave those impacted out in the cold, but because it is the right thing to treat players the same when they are targeted successfully by those shortcomings. And to recognize both players and developers are human and make mistakes. 
