Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Evertale v2.0.83 MOD APK (Unlimited Silvers, Team Cost, 100% Capture)


Evertale is an RPG with depth in world development, storyline, combat system, and more for the player to have a complete adventure. What’s great is that it uses the fantasy world concept and monster-catching to create various activities and entertainment to elevate the player’s mood. On top of that, its visual quality is anime-style, making everyone’s interaction or appearance are beautiful and captivating to thicken the gameplay experience.


A WHOLE NEW JOURNEY AWAIT


The player’s journey in Evertale will involve many dangerous elements to the world, and the game will blend gameplay and deep storyline for players to enjoy. Meanwhile, it also introduces many other secondary characters with great influence to make the player’s lineup richer. Over time, unique content and new secrets about the world will gradually open up players to better understand the world and its development.


UNIQUE TURN-BASED COMBAT


The combat system now involves both humans and monsters, and players need to unleash its full potential to win every skirmish. Because the system is turn-based, every turn is precious, and players can balance many factors, such as activating actions or skills to destroy opponents. Moreover, the combat mechanics will always be more complex, giving players more novel ideas to adapt to their pace.


UNLOCK NEW CHARACTERS AND ABILITIES


Character diversity is also an important factor in Evertale, as they have unique skills and effects for players to take advantage of. They also function similarly to monsters during the battle, and players can arrange their formations properly to get the best results or combinations between each unit. Depending on the story’s progress, players will always have more opportunities to unlock more new characters for the squad.


MONSTERS’ EVOLUTION AND UPGRADE


The monster system in the world is lively and has many different habitats for players to find or hunt. They can also be included in the main battle lineup, and the player can develop them for a long time until full maturity. Maturity refreshes all of their stats, including exotic forms, or unlocks new abilities in battle to aid the player.


VARIOUS CITIES AND NPCS


Cities or NPCs scattered along the way will make Evertale more vivid to the player’s gameplay experience. Each place has many differences, including design, mission system, shop, and many attractive services for players to upgrade or develop for the main battle squad. Many new possibilities will also open up in the future to increase players’ excitement as they explore new cities.


EXOTIC EVENTS AND ACTIVITIES


The game inherently has an open world with many exciting activities updated regularly for players to enjoy. All content also comes with many generous and valuable rewards, which are highly valuable in promoting player growth in many contents. In addition, new characters are featured to add to the main lineup for players, making their tactics and combat performance more diverse.


Evertale is the pinnacle of the RPG genre as it combines many elements with compelling stories to immerse players in their fascinating adventure fully. In addition, the combat system is also sophisticated and has a lot of potentials for players to bring out everything effectively with each unique characteristic.


KEY FEATURES



  
Over 180 monsters and heroes may be caught, trained, and evolved over an incredible story-driven journey.

  
You will meet both friends and opponents as you travel through Erden’s six varied zones, each of which has a different set of creatures to gather.

  
To give your soldiers a leg up and get the upper hand on their opponents, look into legendary weapons, accessories, and equipment.

  
In this turn-based 4v4 battle, you must devise a plan from hundreds of possible ability combinations in order to decimate your opponents.

  
To get unique goods, users may join online PvP leagues and establish collaborative groups with other players to engage in real-time PvP.

  
Join in weekly online events that give you free special unlockables and limited characters to add to your collection, as well as a chance to win prizes.




Evertale v2.0.83 MOD APK (Unlimited Silvers, Team Cost, 100% Capture) Download


You are now ready to download Evertale for free. Here are some notes:



  
Please read our MOD Info and installation instructions carefully for the game & app to work properly

  
Downloading via 3rd party software like IDM, ADM (Direct link) is currently blocked for abuse reasons.




Evertale MOD APK 2.0.83 (Free Shopping)


The description of Evertale MOD APK 2.0.83 (Free Shopping)


Explore this Article



  
Story

  
Features

  
Find yourself in an interesting world with epic stories to experience

  
Build up your team of amazing heroes and monsters

  
Enjoy the awesome catch ’em up gameplay

  
Equip your team with amazing items and gears

  
Take on your enemies in exciting turn-based battles

  
Play the game with friends and online gamers

  
Enjoy the game for free along with a few interesting mods



  
Graphics

  
Sound/Music




Explore the breathtaking fantasy world in Evertale as you find yourself in your epic adventures with the incredible monsters. Discover the lands of Erden where you’re introduced to busy cities, stunning landscapes, epic dungeons, and mysterious locations. Join our heroes in their journeys to discover the power of the fantasy creatures in Evertale and confront the evil forces to save the world.


Immerse yourself in exciting battles with your powerful monsters and heroes. Form your own capable roosters with capable individuals and have them assist you in your epic fights against Pandemonium. Travel the massive world, explore multiple locations, take on multiple missions, and experience the captivating stories throughout your adventures in Evertale.


Find out more about this amazing game from ZigZaGame Inc with our reviews.


Story


In the game, Android gamers will find themselves being introduced to the strange world of Evertale where the mystical creatures with incredible powers exist along with human in many parts of the world. These so-called monsters appear in multiple locations across the realm and each all has their own unique powers. Hence, some people use them as weapons to fight against the others.


Still, there are also those who wish to become friends with these creatures and use their unique abilities for good causes instead of fighting each other. That being said, gamers in Evertale will join the journey of a group of heroes as you help them fight against the evil forces of Pandemonium. Explore the different realms of Evertale, collect new members to your squads, capture and train your monsters, power them up and take on the epic fights.


Dive into endless offline challenges and join online gamers from all over the world in the epic multiplayer challenges. Compete in the top leagues and form your guilds to experience more interesting gameplay.


Features


Here you’ll find all the exciting features that the game has to offer:


Find yourself in an interesting world with epic stories to experience


With Evertale, Android gamers will have their chances to experience the interesting and refreshing gameplay on their mobile devices. Take on your ultimate monster-catching challenges as you embark on your own journeys into the world of Erden.


With the lands being plagued by an ancient curse, the lives of the people and the creatures are often threatened by the Pandemonium – the deadly shroud that appears once every 100 years to cause destructions and desolate the lands. Only the Crestbearers are said to have the powers to prevent it. But it has been many years since we last saw them in Erden.


In the game, you’ll join the journey of two young heroes as they embark on their quests to bring down the forces of evils. Discover the powers of the monsters and with the help of new friends, you’ll be able to confront the powerful Pandemonium. Unveil the ancient secrets and put a stop to the havocs that caused by it, once and for all.


Build up your team of amazing heroes and monsters


As you take on your ultimate journey into the magical realms of Evertale, gamers will have their chances to build up their own team of amazing heroes and monsters, each with their own unique powers and abilities. Make uses of their different powers to form up the ultimate roster with amazing team powers. Find yourself going against monsters and enemies across the entire realm. Vary your tactics and approaches depending on the opponents. Take them down as you advance to the next challenges.


Enjoy the awesome catch ’em up gameplay


For those of you who’re interested, you’ll find yourself having a really good time experiencing the in-depth monster-catching gameplay in Evertale. Here, you’ll have access to more than 180 different monster species, each with their own unique powers and abilities. In addition, you’ll also have access to multiple monster evolution with each of them, which is absolutely incredible.


Find yourself addicted to the story-driven gameplay as you encounter, train, and evolve your adorable monsters. Explore the massive world of Erden, which features more than 6 different regions for you to discover. Encounter different monsters and gain access to many interesting locations as you travel across the lands of Evertale. Enjoy stunning landscapes as you pick up new interesting missions wherever you go.


Equip your team with amazing items and gears


And for those of you who’re interested, gamers in Evertale will also have their chances to pick up a variety of interesting gears, items, and weapons that you can use on your characters and monsters. Feel free to equip them with useful gears, choose the best weapons for your team compositions, and make uses of the amazing items to boost your powers.


Take on your enemies in exciting turn-based battles


In addition, to make the game more interesting, Android gamers will have their chances to dive into exciting turn-based battles, in which you’ll join your friends and monsters in your fights against your intimidating enemies. Explore the tactical aspects of the game as you come up with the right team compositions, challenging enemies with the right approaches, and so on. Be cool and calm to effectively take down your enemies with the right moves each turn. Take on multiple enemies in engaging turn-based combats with up to 4 individuals on each team.


Play the game with friends and online gamers


And for those of you who’re interested, you can join friends and online gamers in Evertale in your epic online journey with friends and online gamers. Explore the epic PvP online gameplay as you join other gamers in your own Guilds. Or compete with each other in awesome PvP leagues. In addition, with enjoyable weekly events, you can all compete for the awesome weekly online events. Collect limited unlockables and have new legendary characters or monsters in your team.


Enjoy the game for free along with a few interesting mods


In addition, despite the game being listed on the Google Play Store as a paid version, you can still have it installed on your mobile devices without having to pay anything just by downloading our modified gameplay. Not to mention that you’ll also have access to the awesome name mods for Chinese gamers, which makes your journey a lot more enjoyable. Just look for the Evertale Mod APK from our website, follow the provided instructions and install it on your devices to start enjoying the game.


Visual and sound quality


Graphics


Find yourself completely hooked to the beautiful and stunning world of Evertale. Enjoy playing with your epic heroes and catch your adorable monsters. Explore multiple evolutions with epic monster designs. And with undemanding graphics, the game will be playable on most of your Android devices, which is absolutely cool.


Sound/Music


Together with powerful and impactful sound experiences, Evertale allows Android gamers to completely hooked to the epic in-game events and stories.


Download Evertale Mod latest 2.0.83 Android APK


For those of you who’re interested in Pokémon Masters, then Evertale should be one among the few Android titles that you would find interesting. With in-depth gameplay, captivating stories, and many monsters to collect, you’ll find yourself completely immersed in this awesome world.
