Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Characters


This is a list of all the Characters that appear in the game as well as a few that may appear in the near future according to rumors and graphics that already exist. See the Facespace page for the breakdown of which characters and outfits can earn you achievements that are rewarded in clams.


Note from Admin: I am at such a high level that I'm afraid I am missing information for each character on what level (s)he needs to be to unlock an outfit or a task. If you see that you are unable to craft and outfit or perform a task because you haven't reached a particular level, and you aren't familiar with how to edit a wiki, please leave a comment here or on the character's page and it will be updated. Thank you!


Every character that isn't in any collection belongs to "Other" :)


Characters usually employed in events 
Many of the characters unlocked in the main story line (the earlier ones) and a few freemium characters receive usually tasks required for progressing in events. Sometimes characters from previous events can also be involved. The characters from the main story line (citizens) are Peter, Chris, Bonnie, Quagmire, Jerome, Bruce, Mort, Lois, Joe, Herbert, Seamus, Meg, Brian, Dr. Hartman, Connie, Stewie, Carter and Tom Tucker, while the freemium characters are Consuela, Cleveland and Jake Tucker.


Characters with uncommon abilities 
Some characters earn twice as many coins per any task as others (Saber-Tooth Tiger, Hercules, Patches the T-Rex, Little Green Man, James Woods). Some earn more caps for only one or two of their tasks (Mort's 2 hour task "Loosen His Collar", Jillian's 4 hour task "Chase a Butterfly", Stupert's and Slendermire's 1 hour tasks). Jesus has a 24 hour task for generating clams, although it doesn't happen often. 7 of those mentioned above can be bought via the Quahog Historical Society, while Stupert and Slendermire could be obtained from a recent Season Pass


Contents



  
1 The Guys

  
2 The Gals

  
3 The Kids' Table

  
4 3 Guys 1 Dog

  
5 The Newsroom

  
6 No Friend Zone

  
7 Characters You Buy

  
8 Out of the Closet

  
9 Comic Con Celebrities

  
10 Comic Con Celebrities Too

  
11 Tortured Souls

  
12 The Scary Guys

  
13 The Risen Dead

  
14 The Smiths

  
15 Friends and Family

  
16 Front Men

  
17 The Next Generation

  
18 Outer Space Weirdos

  
19 The Originals

  
20 Mafia Soldiers

  
21 Meet the Deaths

  
22 Absolute Killers

  
23 Meg's Lame Friends

  
24 The Horror Show

  
25 The Dawg House

  
26 Li'l Wascals

  
27 The Cleveland Show

  
28 The League

  
29 The Wrestler Collection

  
30 Future Griffins

  
31 Pixel Pals

  
32 The Best Around

  
33 The Power Rangers

  
34 Space Cases

  
35 Boxers and Dreamers

  
36 Boxing Baddies

  
37 New Characters




Mascot Twist Event is here again….. and yes it is a repeated event….


Please note this is a repeat of the Pizza Day event from 2020. And the VIP character sees the return of Witch Neil, there is nothing completely new this week.


Share this:


Like this:


Related


Leave a Reply Cancel reply


This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.


Follow Blog via Email


Details On The Latest District


WICKED GLITCH


The Lastest From FG Addicts


Play Tapped Out? Check Out TSTO Addicts


Play Futurama Worlds of Tomorrow? Check Out FWOT Addicts


All original art and content © Laugh It Up Media and FamilyGuyAddicts.com 
All Screen Shots of Game Graphics & Dialogue and Game Graphics from files ™ and © TinyCo and FOX. Family Guy ™ and © FOX and its related entities. All rights reserved. Various content in some posts was obtained by Premium Currency (Clams) provided by TinyCo.
