Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Pinwheel Circus


Pinwheel Circus is a location in FNaF World. It's connected to Lilygear Lake, but can only be fully explored after going through the sub-tunnels, starting from Deep-Metal Mine.


Contents


Background Appearance


Based off its name, Pinwheel Circus is a circus themed area, filled with many balloons and different colored tents. Fences appear to cover the entire area.


Points of Interest



  
Lolbit is located near the entrance to Pinwheel Circus and sells the UFO Bytes.

  
The entrance to the Pinwheel Funhouse lies in the north of the area. It's a purple/green tent.

  
2 Chips can be found in this Area. 

  
Auto-Regen: Near to the entrance of Pinwheel Funhouse.

  
Curse-Status: Inside the purple/green tent just before fighting Browboy.




Enemies/Bosses


Enemies


Bosses


Trivia



  
In the demo, an "END OF DEMO" sign appears just before Browboy. It's impossible to pass through it.

  
Most of the purple tents were changed to green in the update.

  
The theme of Pinwheel Circus, when played backwards, is the theme for &*___TWRE.




FNaF World: Update 2 


Update 2, also known as Update 1.20, is a free expansion update and sequel of main story for FNaF World, released on May 13, 2016. This update is also featured in the game's now removed mobile port.


To access the Halloween Update Backstage to experience new features, either the player must first talk to the Desk Man, who also has some new dialogue, after beating Hard Mode or find the secret path that has been added to Fazbear Hills.


Features



  
8 new characters were added: 

  
Jack-O-Bonnie - The animatronic from the fourth game's Halloween update patch. He is unlocked when beating the FNaF 57: Freddy in Space minigame.

  
Jack-O-Chica - The animatronic from the fourth game's Halloween update patch. She is unlocked when beating Foxy Fighters.

  
Nightmarionne - The animatronic from the fourth game's Halloween update patch. It is unlocked when beating Foxy.EXE.

  
Nightmare Balloon Boy - The animatronic from the fourth game's Halloween update patch. He is unlocked when beating Foxy Fighters with an A rank.

  
Purpleguy - William Afton in 8-bit style appearance. He is unlocked after collecting all cupcakes in the FNaF 57: Freddy in Space minigame.

  
Animdude - A smaller version of Scott's boss form. He is unlocked after beating the Chica's Magic Rainbow minigame after 3 minutes.

  
Mr. Chipper - A character from Chipper and Sons Lumber Co. He is unlocked after beating the Chica's Magic Rainbow minigame.

  
Coffee - A character from The Desolate Hope. He is unlocked after beating the FNaF 57: Freddy in Space minigame without collecting upgrades.



  
Foxy Fighters

  
Foxy.EXE

  
FNaF 57: Freddy in Space

  
Chica's Magic Rainbow



  
Jangle - An enemy fought in Geist Lair.

  
P. Goon - An enemy fought in Geist Lair.

  
Neon - An enemy fought in Geist Lair.

  
Souldozer - The antagonist in The Pilgrim's Progress game and a boss in Foxy Fighters minigame.

  
Scott's Head - A boss from the FNaF 57: Freddy in Space minigame.

  
Chica's Magic Rainbow - Final boss.



  
Mega Virus

  
4th Wall

  
Hocus Pocus

  
Buzzsaw

  
Bubble Breath

  
Balloons 2

  
Neon Wall 2

  
Slasher

  
Jack-O-Bomb



  
A brand new attack type was added, used exclusively for some of the new Update 2 characters, the color for those moves is a Blazing Orange.

  
Nightmare Fredbear's Bad Pizza attack is replaced by the Freddles attack.

  
8-directional movement was added in.

  
DeeDee now takes much longer to reappear.




Development


The update's development has begun around February 2016. On February 18, 2016, fnafworld.com was updated, featuring the Halloween animatronics (excluding Nightmare Mangle), Chipper from Chipper and Sons Lumber Co., William Afton (using his Five Nights at Freddy's 3 8-bit sprite), and Coffee from The Desolate Hope. An update to the IndieDB page also featured Scott himself (as his avatar) as a playable character.


On March 30, 2016, fnafworld.com was updated again, having an easter egg at the top-right corner of the screen, showing Foxy, JJ, and Toy Chica riding planes, which debuted the "Foxy Fighters" minigame.


On April 1, 2016, a kitten from one of Scott's older games, Kitten In The Crowd, appeared as an April Fool's joke. It was removed the next day. The kitten can be found in the minigames Foxy.EXE, and FNaF 57 Freddy in Space.


On May 1, 2016, a rainbow with buckteeth, later known as Chica's Magic Rainbow, appeared.


Two days later, Update 2 was set to be released on May 13, 2016.
