Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Fun bridge download


 PLAY BRIDGE 24/7 WHEREVER YOU LIKE! 


Funbridge allows you to play duplicate bridge wherever and whenever you like. You partner a robot player and your opponents are robots too. You can compare yourself with thousands of other players from all over the world.


A few figures


Funbridge has a community of over 450,000 players from over 190 countries. One million deals are played every day. The app is available in 14 languages.


Game modes for all players


The app includes practice deals, different types of tournaments (daily, series, federation, commented tournaments to mention just a few), challenges, etc. You can also follow major national and international bridge events live with the broadcast tool “Funbridge Live”.


Play while waiting for your train to come, for your plane to take off…


Funbridge is available on PC, Mac, smartphones and tablets. The basic version is absolutely free. Once you have used up your 100 free deals, you receive 10 free deals per week so you can keep on playing, or you can take out a subscription with unlimited deals (from around $9 per month).


Set your conventions


Several built-in bidding systems are available: SAYC, ACOL, French 5-card major, 2/1, Polish Club, Nordic Standard, NBB Standard, Forum D. You can also create a free profile with your own conventions.


Funbridge, official partner of bridge federations


Funbridge has built solid partnerships with several bridge federations: France, England, Norway, Switzerland, Turkey and now the WBF. Federation tournaments are open to everyone. You have to buy specific credits to participate, there is no need to subscribe. And you earn master points counting for rank advancement if you enter your federation membership number.


Make rapid progress


Games on Funbridge are scored by IMPs or MPs. You can watch a replay of other players’ moves (bidding and card play) on each deal and assess your skills against champions. Hints are also available, giving you the meaning of each bid and relevant information to learn and progress.


The Funbridge interface


The app is easy to navigate around. Enhancements are regularly made to meet our players’ needs.


How to play 



  
Download the Funbridge app for free 
– From the App Store (iPhone, iPad). 
– From the Google Play Store (Android smartphones and tablets). 
– From the Funbridge website (PC and Mac).

  
Create your account 
You can create your account using the Funbridge app login system (enter your email address, a password and a username) or the two-tap login with a Facebook account. 
Once it is created, you get 100 free deals!

  
Play your first deal 
Game modes are split into 3 categories: 
– Play a tournament: this is the “competition” mode of the app. It allows you to pit yourself against other players and to get ranked. 
– Practice: to learn and make progress. 
– Challenge a player: challenge other Funbridge players in short tournaments.




©2022, World Bridge Federation - Maison du Sport International, 54 av. de Rhodanie, 1007 Lausanne – Switzerland


Fun bridge download


Funbridge allows you to play an unlimited number of bridge deals and to compare yourself to hundreds of other players on these same deals. 
With the Funbridge software programme, compare your bids and card play with many other online players, get ranked and make rapid progress!


Universal


Offered in 10 languages, Funbridge is available on smartphones (iPhone and Android), tablets (iPad, Android and Kindle), Mac and Windows PC.


Try it for free


100 deals offered when you sign up and free credits every week.


Unique


You play the hand in South. North, East and West are played by computers so that you are judged fairly against other human players.


Competition


Get ranked among thousands of other players and compare your bid and card play results in the blink of an eye!


At your own pace


You can pause a deal at any time and resume it later. Start a game on your smartphone and finish it on your tablet at home.


Everyone to his tournament


You have the choice between series tournaments, tournaments of the day, practice tournaments, challenges vs friends and event tournaments.


Free bridge game


Funbridge, your new bridge club, is available on smartphones, tablets and computers.


Play bridge online for free


Funbridge allows you to play bridge deals with robots on smartphones, tablets (iPhone, iPad, Android) and computers (Mac and Windows PC), and compare yourself with hundreds of other players on the same deals. Compare your bids and card play with many other players, rank yourself and make rapid progress.



  
You play wherever and whenever you like

  
You can interrupt a game to resume it later

  
Available 24/7





  
Daily tournaments (more than 1,000 players every day)

  
Practice Tournaments

  
Series tournaments allowing you to compare yourself with players of your level





  
Series rankings

  
Watch again/replay a deal

  
Access to bidding and card play details




Play using the web browser of your computer


Play online on a computer
