Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



GB iOS X Android


The number of WhatsApp MODs out there is becoming ridiculous to such an extent that it seems like you aren't anyone if you haven't got your own MOD. There are different ones for different kinds of users: those who want new fonts, those who want more privacy options, those who want pink skins, for vegans, for pansexuals. and even for Android users who want their WhatsApp to look like the iOS version.


WhatsApp for iOS on Android


That's the case of StefanoYG who has developed GB iOS X with a graphical interface that emulates the version of WhatsApp for iPhone (that's probably the closest you're ever going to be of having a real iPhone). So using the code of an already existing MOD such as GBWhatsApp (considered as one of the best), he has developed this new version with a design and lines that are very similar to those of the chat and instant messaging app par excellence on Apple's mobile phones.


Therefore, you can make the most of a design in which skins, fonts, design lines and other elements of this app are adapted to make it integrate better into iOS and not Android. The only thing that you have to do is download its APK and replace the original WhatsApp with this version. however, remember that MODs don't update at the same pace as the official version.


Requirements and additional information:


With a degree in History, and later, in Documentation, I have over a decade of experience testing and writing about apps: reviews, guides, articles, news, tricks, and more. They have been countless, especially on Android, an operating system.


GB WhatsApp For iOS Download Updated


Try out GB WhatsApp For iOS devices if you want amazing customization features on your iPhone or iPad!


Connecting the world is the modern need of the current era and numberless social media platforms are working to enhance your connectivity.


Aside from that, only a few of the vast arrays of social media platforms will meet your requirements. But few platforms are ruling the digital market with their aesthetic features, and GB WhatsApp is one of those most appealing ones.


What is GB WhatsApp APK?


Simply by using your mobile number, wouldn’t you like to have unlimited interactions with your friends and family? Furthermore, different media sharing is the success key of this platform and no matter whether you are an individual or a business body, you are going to get served accordingly.


Features



  
Before anything else, while being in the online world you need to take care of your privacy a lot. That is why GBWhatsApp is worth having an app as it will save you from data breaching issues.

  
Without any sharing limitations, you can share different media such as videos, pictures, audio, documents, and much more to meet your needs or requirements.

  
GB Whatsapp is such a blessing for those who have to share media in video format as you can play all the videos in the built-in video player. So, now you don’t have to get an additional app to get maximum functionality.

  
To protect your privacy from your end, you can enable password or fingerprint options.

  
Have you ever felt like downloading the stories other people share? No worries, without downloading an additional helper, GB Whatsapp can give you the chance to download it directly. Apart from this, if anyone has shared some sort of quotes in text format then you can copy it directly from there.

  
While being on a busy schedule you might don’t get enough time to talk to others. Here this app is going to work as your virtual secretary by using the auto-reply feature. You can go for both default auto-reply messages or can generate your customized one.

  
When you have to share something on your story then you wouldn’t have to get bound to a specific time frame. It is because GB Whatsapp will let you share long videos on your story as well without asking you to bound the limit to 30 seconds only.

  
This app has one of the most appealing user interfaces but in case you are looking for any customizations then GB Whatsapp will not disappoint you at all. You can go for the custom themes and a wide community of theme creators have shared their creativity. You can easily enable any theme according to your needs or requirements. The majority of the users are falling for the dark themes as they will cut off the strain on your eyes.

  
It is quite hard to find any app that will allow you to change its icon or menu. But fortunately, GB Whatsapp will let you do it in both the notification panel and in-app as well.

  
Unlike other similar apps, you don’t have to rely upon the limited number of emojis because GB Whatsapp For iOS has a wide range of emojis that can be set according to you.

  
Getting annoyed by the picture-sharing limitation is quite normal but you need to say goodbye to this issue now. GB Whatsapp will let you share more than normal pictures at once with your desired contact.

  
To get to know who is online, now you don’t have to open up different chat boxes again and again but you will be served with a separate bar to look at who is online.

  
Almost all of us would like to take a break once but what to do when we get online status? No worries, being your best possible virtual partner, Gb Whatsapp will hide your online status as well.

  
After reading any messages, you are free to decide whether to let the senders have blue ticks or not.

  
Now you don’t need to deal with the file size limitations at all because sharing more than 100MB of files or more is now possible. Most amazingly, you are free to set the file size limitations according to your needs or requirements.

  
Without pushing you to face compatibility issues, GB Whatsapp and the normal version of Whatsapp can be run on the same device at the same time.

  
Message broadcasting was never as easy as it is now for you with the help of GB Whatsapp. No matter if you need to do it for a bunch of contacts or have to share in different groups.

  
Unlike other third-party apps, you wouldn’t have to face battery drainage issues at all.

  
With high accuracy, you can share your live location and can easily know about others as well.




Is GB Whatsapp available for iPhone?


Luckily, yes, you can enjoy GB Whatsapp for iOS devices as well. All you need to change is the downloading method for android devices.


Pros



  
Boundless media sharing

  
Optional blue tick

  
Online status hiding

  
Available for multiple platforms

  
Auto-response

  
Easy chat cleaner

  
Messages broadcasting

  
Customized emoji

  
Unlimited themes

  
Bug fixing

  
Live location sharing




Cons


Conclusion


GB Whatsapp for iOS is tremendously serving users globally without burning a hole in their pocket. Connecting your loved ones was not as easier and handy as its now with this leading app.


Share unlimited media files with your favorite contacts and let the fun begins with customized emojis. The maximum user flexibility is everything you have to fall for and most importantly story recording is going to be your cup of tea.


For more details or to share your queries, you can reach us via the comment section or can send us an email.


How To GB WhatsApp Download For Andoid & iOS – Latest Versions


Download the most recent version of GB WhatsApp (Anti-Ban) for free for Android, iOS, and Windows using the APK files for V17.20, V19.52.5, or V21.20, respectively.


This tutorial will explain how to update, install, and free download the most recent version of GB WhatsApp. A popular and widely used WhatsApp MOD is GB WhatsApp.


Its widespread use and large user base are due to the application’s popularity and dependability. With this program, it contains every function you may need.


Newest Version of GB WhatsApp Download (March 2023)


Several different apps are on the market, including Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, and numerous others. Because of its features, WhatsApp is immensely popular.


There is a new WhatsApp Mod, called GB WhatsApp Download, nevertheless, and it has more intriguing features than the original program. It has several cutting-edge features and is an excellent application for users.


On your Android device, download and install the most recent version of GB WhatsApp. You must download the app from the box below because the Google Play Store does not have it.


 
  App Name GB WhatsApp    Package Name com.gbwhatsapp  Op System Android  Downloads 10M+  Version Latest Version  Minimum Requirements Android 4.4  File Size 65 MB  Last Updated 1 Day Ago    



Old Versions Of GB WhatsApp Download


What Platforms Does This App Support?


How To GB WhatsApp Download APK?


Are you seeking for the most recent GBWhatsApp version to download and install on your phone? If so, you’ve found the hub of other GB mod WhatsApp using the most recent GBWhatsApp app, so congratulations.


The best-modified version of WhatsApp, created by outside developers, is available online as the WhatsApp GB Download.


Before downloading it through the official app, quickly back up the data to avoid losing it. Additionally, we advise using it as a backup messaging app.



  
Keeping your private information here could be risky because there’s a chance that someone else will falsify it.

  
Get the most recent version of GB WhatsApp APK by clicking the download button and following the download link.

  
Turn on unknown sources in your Android’s settings.

  
To install WhatsApp GB, tap the downloaded file and then open the file manager.

  
Hold off until the installation is finished.

  
Enter your number to begin using this mod’s fantastic features when the installation is finished.




How To GB WhatsApp Download For IOS?


An iOS device can have GBWhatsApp installed using the Apple TestFlight app.



  
To find the GBWhatsApp app, the user must first launch the TestFlight app after downloading it from the App Store.

  
When they locate the app, they can select “Get” and then “Install” from the menu.

  
Once they have read and agreed to the terms, the app will be downloaded and installed on their iOS devices.

  
When users launch the app, it will prompt them for their cell phone number.

  
The user will receive an OTP for verification after inputting the number.

  
The user will be able to access and utilize the application after entering the OTP.




System Requirements



  
You must have Android 5.0 or later.

  
Both rooted and non-rooted smartphones can install.

  
Make sure to allow installation from untrusted sources.




RELATED CTN NEWS:
