Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Genshin account checker


Basic Info about Genshin Impact


Genshin Impacts was officially released by Mihayou, China on September 28, 2020. The game provides players with an explorable world rich in content. In this magical land called Teyvat, all kinds of incredible events happen at any time. The traveller played by the player needs to start an adventure in this vast open world. During the journey, players will encounter enemies of different races, as well as many partners with unique abilities. The ultimate goal of the player is to gradually uncover the secrets of the Tivat continent and rescue the captured relatives.


Basic Info about Genshin Impact 3.5


Update maintenance begins 2023/03/01 06:00 (UTC+8) and is estimated to take 5 hours.


Maintenance Compensation: Primogems ×300 (60 Primogems per hour the servers are down)


Issue Fix Compensation: Primogems ×300 (please refer to the relevant compensation mail for more details)


Maintenance Compensation: Travelers who reach Adventure Rank 5 or above before 2023/03/01 06:00 (UTC+8).


Please claim before the end of Version 3.5.


Issue Fix Compensation: Travelers who reach Adventure Rank 5 or above before 2023/03/01 06:00 (UTC+8).


Please claim the compensation mail before 2023/03/04 06:00 (UTC+8).


Our developers will distribute compensation to Travelers via in-game mail within 5 hours after the update maintenance is finished. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the attached compensation in time.


5-Star Character "Flame-Mane" Dehya (Pyro)


The 5-star character "Flame-Mane" Dehya (Pyro)


4-Star Character "Coordinates of Clear Frost" Mika (Cryo)


Beacon of the Reed Sea (5-Star Claymore)


Mailed Flower (4-Star Claymore)


Black Serpent Knight: Rockbreaker Ax


New Archon Quest: Archon Quest Chapter III: Act VI "Caribert"


New Story Quest: Dehya's Story Quest - Mantichora Chapter: Act I "Lionsblood"


New Hangout Event: Hangout Event: Faruzan - Act I "A Confounding Conundrum"


Why do players need "Genesis Crystal"?


The paid currency in the game is called "Genesis Crystal". Players need to convert Genesis Crystals to Primogems after recharging their accounts to use paid services in the game, such as drawing new weapons and new characters or purchasing various consumables. In addition to direct recharge, there are many ways for players to obtain Primogems, such as subscribing to Blessing of the Welkin Moon ($4.99=3000 Primogems), participating in festival events in the game, completing quests and opening chests in the wild, etc. But accumulating Primogems is a long process, and sometimes the Primogems you spend cannot get you the 5-star character you want. So most players buy Genshin Impact Account on third-party websites such as MMOWTS. MMOWTS provides a security-verified Genshin Impact Account, which is manually levelled up by professional players, allowing you to easily obtain any five-star character you want, to experience a more enjoyable adventure.


Reasons for "Genesis Crystal" from MMOWTS


As a third-party game service provider with many years of experience, MMOWTS always provides players with the highest quality products and services. Players who Buy Genshin Impact Accounts at MMOWTS can enjoy fast delivery and cheap prices, thereby saving a lot of time and money. Compared with other websites, MMOWTS has more advantages. First of all, MMOWTS will ensure that every Genshin Impact Account purchased by the player is in a safe state because all the items in these accounts are manually obtained by our professional team and are entirely legal, so there is no need to worry about the account being blocked. In addition, in order to avoid the loss of players' funds, MMOWTS provides a variety of secure payment methods and 24/7 customer service support. Want to get a cheap Genshin Impact Account and enjoy the joy of the game now? Please choose freely on our product page!


Genshin Impact


A better way to get your favourite characters and weapons!


Price


Newest


Female[Asia] Nahida Raiden Shogun Eula 1 random five star hero | Account contains 4 five-star characters | AR10 | Account Full Access | Safe and Legal Account


Asia |Raiden Shogun Zhongli Yelan+1 random five star hero | 4 five star hero | AR10 | 4 Star Hero (5-13) | Full Access | Unbound Email | 100% safe and legal account


female[Asia]Zhongli+Hutao+Staff of Homa|AR10 | 3 Five-star heroes |random 6-16 Fouar-star heroes | Not bound to mailbox and mobile phone|100% explore


Female[Asia] Nahida Raiden Shogun Yae Miko 1 random five star hero | Account contains 4 five-star characters | AR10 | Account Full Access | Safe and Legal Account


Asia AR10 Yelan+Hutao+Zhongli Female starter No.D1A46


Asia |Female|Nahida Ye lan Nahida + 1 random five star hero | 3 five star hero | AR10 | 4 Star Hero (5-13) | Full Access | Unbound Email | 100% safe and legal account


Asia AR10 Raiden+Yelan+Yoimiya Female starter No.VU7Q6


|[Asia] Nahida+Zhongli+random 5-star [AR10] 3 Five-star heroes | Random 5-15four-star heroes | Not bound to mailbox and mobile phone


Female[Asia] Nahida Zhongli Hutao 1 random five star hero | Account contains 4 five-star characters | AR10 | Account Full Access | Safe and Legal Account


Female[Asia]Raiden+Nahida+Yelan+Hutao|AR10 | 4 Five-star heroes |random 6-16 Fouar-star heroes | Not bound to mailbox and mobile phone|100% explore


Asia AR10 Xiao+Nahida+Jade+Mona Female starter No.1806


Asia AR10 Raiden+Ayaka+Shenhe+Qiqi Female starter No.1985


Genshin Impact has taken the mobile gaming world by storm. Combining such a beautiful environment with fantastic gameplay has attracted many people to play the game. However, to have a desirable character requires you to do daily grind and that takes a huge amount of time and energy. Therefore, if you want to have a lot of fun playing without losing another hour because of grinding, getting a Genshin Impact account should be right up your alley.


Why You Should Buy a Genshin Impact Account? 


Since it was first released, Genshin Impact has become an instant favorite. People of different ages want to play the game and level up their character as much as possible. The problem is, many of them don’t have the resources to do so. If you’re one of those people, the answer you’re looking for is a Genshin Impact account. It acts as a shortcut that allows you to get the best characters you want possible in the least amount of time. Looking for heroes like Hu Tao, Ganyu, Venti, Zhongli, Klee, Xiao, Raiden Shogun, Ayato, Arataki Itto, Bennett, Xingqiu, Albedo, Ayaka, Jean, Eula, Kazuha, or Heizou? This account could either be a starter account or already includes skins, weapons, items, equipment, and XP that you can use in the game. Once you get those, you are able to save time to do other important things. How convenient, isn’t it?


Why You Should Buy Genshin Impact Accounts on ZeusX?


How to buy a Genshin Impact Account on ZeusX?


Follow these steps to buy Genshin Impact accounts on ZeusX.



  
Visit zeusx.com and log in to your account. If you don’t have it, please register yours first.

  
On the search bar column up top, enter the name of the game and select the type of purchase that you want. In this case, Genshin Impact > Accounts.

  
Pick the item and seller according to your preference. Make sure you read the description carefully.

  
Select Buy Now and check the agreement box. Send a Chat message to the seller if necessary.

  
Choose your preferred payment method and click Pay Now.




About Genshin Impact


Genshin Impact is a gacha based, fantasy open-world action RPG that is developed and published by miHoYo, a Chinese game developer. It is safe to say that Genshin Impact is the biggest gacha game ever made, in which players spend currency to buy drops that contain characters or items. Being an open-world game with unlimited possibilities and endless updates, players of Genshin Impact are bound to explore the vast world of Teyvat and reach objectives in order to develop the best character possible.


Buy Genshin Impact Accounts - Genshin Account Marketplace


Welcome to the world of Teyvat! While the land offers beautiful vistas of rolling green hills, calm waters, and bustling towns, danger lurks everywhere. That’s why players should always be ready with the best characters, weapons, and artifacts so they’ll be safe wherever they go. Starting an adventure can be scary, but with the right tool, one can easily thrive.


Does Genshin Impact Have Crossplay?


The game does offer cross-platform play, however, there are a few limitations in cross-saving. Players may freely use the same account for the mobile and PC version. PS4 links automatically to a gamer's PSN account, so they can’t transfer it to the other platforms.


Buyers must make sure that they buy an account for the console that they prefer!


Why Genshin Impact Accounts Are So Popular


As a hybrid gacha/open-world RPG/action hack and slash game, it boils down to one thing: time. Like other gacha games, players have to spend their money or grind to get the best characters. Then they have to take the time to gather the materials so they can level them up. Not to mention the fact that players want to get duplicates for their heroes to unlock special abilities. That’s a nightmare, especially if one is aiming for the rare 5-star ones, such as Diluc or Venti.


Then there are the weapons. Gamers have to enhance them, and use duplicates to level up the ability they have. That also takes time to gather up dupes and materials for ascension. There’s also the artifacts, which players can also level up. The only difference is, they need to use up other artifacts to level them up. Weapons have enhancement ores that they can use as fodder, though players can use other weapons as well.


Every Genshin Impact player's final consideration for buying an account for the game is the Adventure Rank, the main indication for a player’s progress in the game. Much of the game’s features and content are hidden behind the higher levels. Players will have to work to level this up, and it’s not as easy as leveling up characters in Genshin Impact.


Exploration, quest completion, and accomplishing challenges contribute to experience for this system. Of course, gamers can choose to pick an account with a low rank so they could experience exploration and quests for yourself. For players that like to focus on PvP, they can focus on the strong characters instead.


Enjoy your adventures in Teyvat!



  
Genshin Thoma Account

  
Yun Jin Account

  
C6 Character Account

  
Shenhe Account

  
Arataki Itto Account

  
Ayato Account

  
Yelan Account

  
Heizou Account

  
Gorou Account

  
Lisa Account

  
Sayu Account

  
Beidou Account

  
Barbara Account

  
Kaeya Account

  
Aloy Account

  
Amber Account

  
Noelle Account

  
Xinyan Account

  
Yae Miko Account

  
Kuki Shinobu Account




Based on the total ratings of 11211 orders in the past year


Just as described! Fast delivery and very helpful and responsive!


NA / AR: 51 / 7- 5star Eula + Kokomi + K.


Everything went exactly as described by the website and posting! Within minutes!


(NA MALE AR57) 5*Ayaka, 5*Kazuha C1, 5*K.


Account exactly as described, very satisfied with how quickly I got the info.


(NA MALE AR57) 5*Nahida, 5*Raiden, 5*Zho.


Seller was patient and helpful, went well!


NA [AR57] - Ayaka + Mistsplitter / Nilou.


PlayerAuctions makes it safe to buy from our members by securing your payment and guaranteeing delivery.


What game account information do I receive?


When you securely buy a game account at PlayerAuctions, you are provided with all the guidance and information required to successfully use and take ownership of your new game account. This includes the following:



  
Login Name / Username

  
Password

  
Last Name (if applicable to the game)

  
Security Question (if applicable to the game)

  
Security Question Answer (if applicable to the game)

  
Parental Password (if applicable to the game and game account)

  
First CD Key (if known by seller)




If desired, you may request other information from the seller. However, as any other information not mentioned above is unnecessary to complete a secure game account ownership transfer, it is only optional for the seller to provide.


Does the seller send the game account information to me directly?


No. After you purchase the game account, we will update the seller and instruct him/her to provide the game account information securely to PlayerAuctions. We will then quickly and discreetly inspect and document select properties of the game account before passing on the game account information to you.


Once you receive the game account information, you will be given time to complete the verification of the game account, finalize the game account ownership transfer, and confirm the delivery of the game account to PlayerAuctions.


How and When will I get my game account?


For Game Account transactions, the Seller will send the Game Account’s information to PlayerAuctions for verification purposes. If there are no issues, PlayerAuctions will then deliver the account login details to the buyer via email within 24 hours (but usually this happens much faster.


What if the delivered game account does not match the seller’s description in their For Sale Offer?


If a game account is ever not described properly by the seller, you may choose to keep it and negotiate with the seller for a lower price through our Dispute Resolution System, or you may return the undamaged game account for a hassle-free and guaranteed refund from PlayerAuctions.


How am I fully protected from the seller ever reclaiming my purchased game account?


All game accounts purchased by Verified members and above through PlayerAuctions are guaranteed after sale support. For those members wishing for extra security for their purchased accounts, PlayerAuctions offers insurance packages which are protect against the rare event of your purchased game account ever being irrecoverably reclaimed or suspended due to the previous owner. If this occurs and PlayerAuctions is unable to completely restore your access to the undamaged game account, PlayerAuctions will award you with PlayerAuctions Market Credit equal to the specific insurance package price, usable toward any purchases of any products offered for sale at PlayerAuctions.


Characteristics of a Genshin Impact Account


For most games today, players need an account. That’s either an account for a game distribution service (Steam, Epic Games and Gog), or an account with the publisher (uPlay, Square Enix, and Blizzard). Some games require both, especially if the player uses a service like Steam to play a game.


Genshin Impact is the latter kind on the PC, requiring an account with the publisher. However, if on a console, players must have an account for the console’s service. So far, that’s only for PlayStation owners, as the planned Switch version hasn’t been released yet.


When playing the game, it keeps track of a player’s progress through the Adventure Rank. It’s a system like ‘account level’ in other games. Raising this rank unlocks features unavailable to lower ranks, as well as strengthening enemies in the game. Other than these mechanics, it also increases the rewards received by players from completing activities.


For the player to keep up with stronger enemies, increasing AR lets players level their characters further. It caps at 6 Ascension stages and a maximum level of 90 at AR 50.


Accounts can also have different characters as every player has different amounts of luck. One account might have all the 5-star characters, while another could have fewer but with constellation upgrades. It’s all up to RNG. There’s a chance the player gets many duplicates of the same 4-star hero, because of this, there’s variation in what characters players own and use.


Popular characters are the Archons such as Venti, Zhongli, and the Raiden Shogun. DPS characters like Ganyu, Eula, Hu Tao, or Klee are also considered desirable. The rest is up to personal preference.


Other Features of a Genshin Impact Account


After the 2.1 version update of the game, Playstation players can link their account to a miHoYo account in order to play on PC or mobile. It also works in the reverse direction, wherein PC/mobile players can link their accounts to a PlayStation account to play on the console as well. There are some hiccups and restrictions to this, such as the PlayStation account needing to match the miHoYo account’s region. If not, the game treats it as a new account in the PlayStation account’s region, and players are unable to continue their games.


When that happens, a player can request to unlink the two accounts. They can then link their PC/mobile accounts to a PlayStation account with a matching region.


Another inconvenience of this process is that it requires a ‘fresh’ PS account. This means the player has never opened Genshin Impact with that account or started a game. However, many players were curious and so started a game on a console but continued playing the game on PC. When this feature was announced, fans were outraged by this requirement.


A miHoYo account can also be used for other games such Honkai Impact 3rd, Tears of Themis, and the upcoming Honkai: Star Rail.


Account-holders may also use the HoYo Lab app and website to manage their various accounts or follow gaming news and various forums. Genshin account holders can check details, including how many chests they’ve opened, waypoints discovered, characters obtained, and more. They may see their Spiral Abyss progress and some details about the characters they own as well.


Having the app on their mobile phones has some other benefits such as an interactive map to keep track of collectibles. MiHoYo has also established a 2-Factor Authentication system for Genshin accounts. That’s why the accounts must be linked to an email.


Enjoy all these benefits with a Genshin Impact account!


Get a Genshin Impact Account


Making an account for Genshin Impact is easy. The first method is going on the game’s official site and registering there. The other is to buy a Genshin Impact account. This option lets players skip the gacha mechanic and acquire whatever characters they want, guaranteed, without being subject to RNG. They also won’t have to grind for AR or materials for Ascension and leveling up characters. Incredibly convenient for those who don’t have too much time on their hands.


Have fun and play Genshin Impact!


PlayerAuctions is the most secure place to buy and sell MMO game assets. Our proprietary security technology, PlayerGuardian, keeps you, your payments, and your trades protected and private. The protections below are provided to all PlayerAuctions buyers.



  
Guaranteed Payment Security

  
Convenient & Worry-Free Trading

  
A Secure, Trusted Trading Community

  
Guaranteed Full and As-Described Delivery, or Your Money Back

  
Guaranteed Seller On-Time Delivery, or Your Money Back

  
Information Privacy

  
PlayerAuctions After Sale 100% Support Guarantee

  
Transparent Seller Service Ratings

  
Bank-Level Data Security




PlayerAuctions is an independent player-to-player marketplace for buying and selling virtual video game property. PlayerAuctions is NOT endorsed by, directly affiliated with, maintained, authorized, or sponsored by Genshin Impact or its trademark owner.
