Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Capture The Flag


This page is one of the most detailed and in-depth pages in this Gimkit Wiki community. A lot of work has been put into this page. Due to this, this page is heavily moderated, and may have been page protected to prevent vandalism. If you see something in this page that can be further improved, feel free to contact an content mod/admin.


Capture the Flag is the third 2D Gamemode added to Gimkit. In it, players attempt to capture their opposing team's flag to gain points for their team. Upgrades can be purchased using Energy, which is obtained by answering questions. In order to prevent players from stealing your team's flag, you can tag them. After tagging someone, you will be unable to tag another opponent for the next 10 seconds. There is a safe base around your flag where your opponents can't be tagged by your team. Lastly, tunnels can be found above and below the map, and can be used to secretly enter/exit the opponent's team.


Contents


Player Upgrades


These upgrades improve certain stats for the player. Note that different upgrades in areas vary in cost.


Speed


Speed upgrades can be purchased to increase the player's movement speed. They can be found on both sides of the map, costing 8,500 Energy, and a third upgrade can be found north to where both teams intersect, costing 16,500 Energy(right).


Efficiency


Efficiency upgrades cost 6,500 Energy and decrease the amount of energy used while running.


Energy Per Question


Energy Per Question upgrades cost 6,500 and increase the energy earned for every correct answer by 200.


InvisiBits


Invisibits allow the player to become invisible for 1 second for every one that is used. 5 Invisibits cost 2,500 Energy. Able to be bought repeatedly.


Base upgrades 


Big Barriers


Big barriers can be bought for 30,000 Energy and stop players from entering or exiting specific parts of the tunnels. Be warned that barriers stop both teams for entering/exiting specific areas of the tunnels.


Flag Barriers


Flag barriers are bought for 5,000 Energy each and, well, function as barriers that protect the flag. Even with all barriers, players can still enter the base containing the opponent's flag.


Teleportals


Teleportals allow the player to teleport between the Echo/Vortex north and south tunnels. They cost 4,000 Energy each.


Goal


The team with the most captures wins the game. If it is a tie, then it just says "Draw". You can get upgrades, and you can only tag players when they are on your side. Once you get the flag, you have to avoid the other team in return to your base. If they tag you, you drop the flag. There is a circle in which the flag is in, and the team with that circle can't access it. It will also show notifications with an "X" at the top right corner of the screen if a player negatively impacts your team, and a Check if a player positively impacts your team. There are a few easter eggs hidden around the map, including a Gim Computer, and flower pots.


 
 Gamemodes   2D  Fishtopia • Tag: Domination • Capture The Flag • Cash Tycoon • This or That • Farmchain • Snowbrawl • Snowy Survival • One Way Out   Team Gamemodes Teams • Trust No One • The Floor Is Lava • Humans vs. Zombies   Classic Twists Super Rich Mode • Boss Battle• Hidden •Drained   Other Draw That • What Is.  



Can we hack gimkit


Only if you prefer worksheets for the rest of the year. Stop trying to ruin everything. Good god you’re the reason good teachers are quitting.


Exactly, if you try to hack a school game so you can ruin what little fun you can have in school you're honestly pathetic


what? i can't do anything with this


I saw my friend ruin my game before, that's why i ask this


He teleport while he isn't the host in tag, he got 38 tags in 1 game in 5 mins


About Community


Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform. For more information, please see our Cookie Notice and our Privacy Policy .
