Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Google Maps for Android


The Google Maps app is a free Android GPS for your phone or tablet. You can use the app to find places like shopping malls and office buildings and discover new places.


On the road navigation


Google Maps uses a built-in navigation system with Google satellites to help you find predetermined places. Most Android devices already have the Google Maps app installed. However, not all Android devices do. If that's the case for you, download and install this app from Google Play or any other app store. Whether you’re going to a new city or need directions while on vacation, Google Maps will come in handy.


As long as you have an internet connection, you can get directions in over 200 countries, 15,000 cities, and obtain information on over 100 million sites. It will be nearly impossible to get lost. Google Maps makes use of real-time navigation, giving you directions and transit information. Find gas stations, restaurants, trending new places, nearby events, and exciting activities.


Google Maps facts and features


There are a few navigation apps, like OsmAnd, Maps (F Droid), and Map Hub. However, for a free app, Google Maps has more features than most navigation apps all combined. Google Maps can track and find local transportation like trains, busses, ride-share, and including real-time transit info. You can also get real-time reports on traffic jams, road closures, and incidents. Additionally, you can use the app to share your location with friends and family or make group trips easier. Also, you can create lists of all your favorite places or frequently-visited destinations.


Google Maps has an indoor setting to help you navigate within large places like malls and airports. You can also use street view feature to quickly pinpoint landmarks like museums, shops, malls, and more. It also has an offline maps feature, so you can navigate without being connected to the Internet.


Google Maps has a section where you can leave reviews for places you visit to make it easier for others to decide where to go. You can also add photos, locations, and missing roads to help improve the app.


Our take


With all the available features, Google Maps makes it easier for you and others to navigate and find new places while traveling.


Should you download it?


Yes. If you’re like most people who always need directions, then Google Maps is for you.



  
Free and easy to use

  
Excellent features to help you navigate

  
Offline mode

  
Connected to other apps like Lyft, Uber, and Ola

  
Traffic information provided

  
Reroutes when you accidentally turn down the wrong path





  
Ongoing construction and hurdles are not always captured

  
It does not always reflect real-time and distance

  
You lose connection or when you’re driving under a bridge or thick trees




Google Maps


Google Maps is available on Android and offers all the usual features of the Google service, plus the addition of a GPS feature which makes it impossible to get lost in a big city. Actually, between Google Maps and a GPS, it would be impossible to get lost anywhere in the world.


As is the case with these kinds of applications, you’ll need to be connected to the Internet via 3G to download maps in real time. You can also use the GPS function to watch your position on the map as you move.


By the numbers, Google Maps has information and maps for over 200 countries, information on public transportation in more than 15,000 cities, and detailed information on more than 100 million sites. Yes, that’s right, 100 million.


Included in its many options, Google Maps allows you to choose a destination and plan the shortest route to it by different means of transportation. For example, you can ask the application to find the quickest route using public transportation, or you can search for the best route by foot.


Google Maps is an essential app for any Android user that likes to travel. or just leave the house. Thanks to this application, it is almost impossible to get lost. The only problem is that once you get used to it, you won’t be able to live without it.


Requirements (Latest version)


Frequent questions


How do I check my timeline on Google Maps?


To check your timeline on Google Maps, tap your profile image, then tap "timeline." There, you can see all the locations you've visited and the routes you've taken since enabling this feature.


How do I add a stop to my route on Google Maps?


To add a stop to your route on Google Maps, start with the initial route, then tap the magnifying glass to search for a new location. Tap the "Add" option, and the GPS will automatically recalculate the route.


How do I create a list of locations on Google Maps?


To create a list of locations on Google Maps, tap the "Saved" tab, then "New list." You can also search for a specific place, then tap "save" to generate a list with that location.


More information

 Package Name com.google.android.apps.maps  License Free  Op. System Android    Category Travel and Transportation  Language English

10 best GPS apps and navigation apps for Android


When we think of a navigation app, we typically think of Google Maps. It’s the one most people recommend. It also happens to get frequent updates. Google has been really on top of navigation, especially over the last couple of years. However, there are plenty of different options if you aren’t clicking with Google Maps. Most navigation apps act the same way. You input directions, follow them to your destination, and that’s about it. Each one does it a bit differently. In this list, we’ll check out the best GPS apps and navigation apps options for Android!


The best GPS apps and navigation apps for Android


BackCountry Navigator


Price: Free / $9.99 / Up to $29.99


BackCountry Navigator is an excellent navigation app for hikers. It’s pretty expensive but what you get is a number of offline topographical maps. It’s perfect for those places where data services don’t exist. There are a few fun features as well. You can add favorite spots and markers on the map, view different types of trails, and more. It also has a few map choices. Buying the app gets you unlimited, ad-free use of the app. It’s powerful, but be sure to try it before you buy it. It is fairly expensive.


HERE WeGo Maps


Price: Free


HERE WeGo is one of only a few serious competitors to Google Maps in the navigation app space. It features a simple, elegant interface with mapping options all over the world. You can download maps for offline use in your region. That should help in areas with spotty data connections. HERE also shows you traffic information (where available), public transit maps, and you can customize by saving places for quick directions later. It’s all free to use. There is also a map creator app that can let you alter maps as well.


MapFactor


Price: Free with in-app purchases


MapFactor is one of the low-key popular navigation app options. It includes the basic navigation and GPS features. It uses OpenStreetMap. That means you can get free offline maps that are updated monthly if you want. There are additional map options as well, but they may cost money. Some of the other features include voice directions, cross-border routing, 2D and 3D modes, day and night themes, and more. This GPS app also has support for dozens of countries around the world. It’s not half bad for what you get.


MapQuest


Price: Free (with ads)


MapQuest has undergone many redesigns over the years. However, it’s the same sturdy service we’ve known about since the good old days. It employs the standard turn-by-turn directions. There are also other features such as live traffic updates (where available), re-routing directions based on traffic, and a service to find cheaper gas. You can even use it to call a tow truck if you break down. It’s not as good as Google Maps or as effective at finding cheap gas as GasBuddy. However, it’s a great way to kill two birds with one stone.


Maps and Waze


Price: Free


Google Maps and Waze are both excellent GPS apps. They are also both by Google. Google Maps is kind of the measuring stick for navigation apps. It has tons of locations, reviews, directions, and street-level photography of most locations. Additionally, it has accessibility features and you can download maps for offline use. Waze is a little more simple. It’s great for directions, especially on road trips or daily commutes.


It uses user data to show things like traffic jams, police locations, and other useful info. Plus, Waze has a lot of fun voices for navigation. You can’t go wrong either way. They are both quite good, even if they serve different types of people.
