Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Grindr


Grindr es una red social que une a chicos gays y bisexuales que quieren conocer a otros chicos situados cerca de ellos de manera discreta y anónima, sin necesidad de dar datos personales ni rellenar un perfil con información confidencial para registrarse.


Esta aplicación se basa principalmente en la ubicación exacta de cada usuario, lo que facilitará el contacto entre personas que se encuentran cerca de su posición. De un simple vistazo es posible ver qué usuarios están más próximos y cuáles de ellos se encuentran en línea en ese momento.


Los perfiles disponibles pueden filtrarse según unos determinados valores que ayudarán a encontrar a los chicos que más se ajusten a gustos y preferencias concretas. Así, es posible hablar exclusivamente con gente de una determinada edad, con una complexión física concreta o que esté buscando un tipo de relación determinada.


En cada conversación es posible insertar texto, fotografías, ubicación exacta o bloquear a un usuario si fuera necesario. Una vez que se inicia el chat con algún chico, no importará que cambiemos de ciudad, la conversación se mantendrá para poder seguir hablando con él por muy lejos que nos encontremos de su ubicación. Además, en el chat privado que se establece con otro contacto, es posible enviar fotos con una mayor privacidad y sin restricciones de contenido adulto.


Con presencia en más de 190 países y con más de siete millones de chicos registrados, Grindr es la red social de hombres homosexuales, bisexuales y 'heterocuriosos' más amplia del mundo. Esta herramienta acercará el contacto entre dos personas casi en cualquier lugar del mundo y con una sencillez de uso que la hará accesible a todo tipo de usuarios.


Requisitos (Última versión)


Preguntas frecuentes


¿Cuánto pesa el archivo APK de Grindr en Android?


El archivo APK de Grindr pesa alrededor de 150 MB por lo que no necesitarás demasiado espacio de almacenamiento para poder disfrutar de esta app.


¿Es gratis utilizar Grindr en Android?


Sí, es gratis utilizar Grindr en Android. Como es habitual en este tipo de aplicaciones para conocer gente, Grindr cuenta con compras internas para realizar suscripciones y obtener ventajas con el uso de la app.


¿Hasta cuántos perfiles puedo ver a la vez en Grindr?


En Grindr puedes ver hasta 600 perfiles a la vez para conocer a personas nuevas cercas de tu ubicación. Estos perfiles aparecerán en la pantalla principal de la aplicación.


¿Puedo ver los perfiles que me han visitado en Grindr?


Sí, puedes ver los perfiles que te han visitado en Grindr siempre y cuando tengas activada la suscripción monetaria de la aplicación. Esta es una de las ventajas en el uso de la app.


Más información

 Nombre de paquete com.grindrapp.android  Licencia Gratis  Sistema operativo Android    Categoría Social  Idioma Español

Grindr free for iOS, Android APK


You will be automatically redirected to the homepage in 30 seconds.


Grindr is the most popular dating app for gay, bi, trans, and queer people worldwide. Thanks to all its features, you can consult hundreds of profiles every day based on your criteria, start to chat, and easily meet the ones you want thanks to the geolocation.


What are the key features of Grindr?



  
Tons of profiles: Thanks to the simple but efficient user interface, you can quickly consult hundreds of profiles and show your interest to men by starting a chat or giving them a tap to see if your profiles match.

  
Easy and efficient chat: You can instantly start conversations with the profiles you love and share private photos to get closer. Now you can even create your crew with group chats.

  
Shine: You can customize your profile to help other people to know more about you, including your age, your nickname, your bios, your physical attributes, what kind of relationship you are looking for, your HIV status, and lots more.

  
Find profiles that suit you: Thanks to all the available filters, you will be able to find the men who match your criteria in efficient ways. Filters include the age, the tribe (Bear, Clean-cut, Daddy, Discreet, Geek, Jock, Leather, Otter, Poz, Rugged, Trans, Twink, and Not Specified), the type of relationship, or online users. You can even filter users with photos of their face, users you did not already chat with today, the weight, the height, the morphology, if they are active or passive, or if they accept NSFW photos.

  
Make it easy to meet: You will be able to send your location to ease the meeting. Moreover, you can also star your favorites to notify them you like your relationship with them.

  
Get in touch with people nearby: Using the geolocation, you will be able to see all the men nearby you in seconds. Thanks to that, you will increase your chance to meet the one you're looking for faster.

  
Stay safe: You can freely block and report profiles who spam, bother, or you don't want to hear about.

  
Go at your own pace: You can enter a "Do not disturb mode" and silence notifications for a given amount of time or permanently. You can even decide to deactivate your account if you choose not to use the app for a more extended period.

  
Cross device: You will be able to back up your conversations and media content so that they will be available across devices.




Is it free?


The standard Grindr version offers a free-to-use experience as well as two paid versions. The first paid version is called XTRA. It will grant you extra features including the ability to see 6x the profiles, up to 600 at once, no more third party ads, 14 additional advanced search filters, the ability to see only online people, and profiles with photos, more blocks, and favorites, easy chats with saved phrases, and the ability to send multiple images at once. The second paid version is called Unlimited. It includes all the standard and XTRA features and allows you to see who consulted your profile, send ephemeral pictures, go into incognito mode, cancel sending messages, chat translation, and see if the other one is writing.


Is it safe?


Even though Grindr is the most famous and widespread application for gay, bi, trans, and queer men in the world, keep in mind that it is not risk-free. Indeed, it has been involved in several controversies in the past few years, such as sharing information with third parties about users' locations or HIV status.


The thing is, the app may allow other people to know your almost exact location. This feature has been used in countries where LGBTI people are persecuted, like Egypt. After a demonstration, the police used the app to track and arrest gay people. Some Grindr users were also harassed and attacked by homophobic people who used the app. So for all these reasons, even if Grindr is adequate, we strongly recommend you to use extreme caution when using the app.
