Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



How to Make Money in Grand Theft Auto 5 (GTA 5)


Introduction: How to Make Money in Grand Theft Auto 5 (GTA 5)


About: I am the CEO of Recognant.com. I build AI that is used to do everything from moderate comments, to find off label uses for FDA approved drugs to treat children with cancer, to tracking down human traffickers. More About BizOfTech »


Grand Theft Auto 5 for PC is just a little ways away, and for those of us who have been playing on Xbox and PlayStation, there has been nothing short of an economic crisis. It is no wonder you have to turn to crime living near Vinewood, have you checked the price of bullets? You could pull a heist and end up with less money than you started with after you pony up for a gun, and enough bullets to do the job.


So here are a few tricks to help you make the most in GTA 5.


Step 1: The Stock Market


This is how Grand Theft Auto 5 really wants you to make money. Despite the name which implies you should steal cars, there is a limited market for stolen cars, so those are more just something to get you from place to place. The "real" money is in stocks.


The Stock Market in GTA 5 is really about buy low, sell high, and do insider trading. You can use manual save points to save, make an investment, then sleep, and see if your investment paid off.


If you are about to do a mission that involve corporate sabotage for Lester.


The Hotel Assassination


The Multi-Target Assassination 


The Vice Assassination 


The Bus Assassination


The Construction Assassination


Gold Coast Construction (GDC)


Before you do the Assassination Side missions, you should complete the story. When you finish "the Big Score" each character has between $40 and $100M. when you put that through the Stocks above you can finish the Last Assassination with about $1 Billion between all of the characters.


Step 2: Knock Off an Armored Truck


I am surprised how little cash Armored Truck's seem to have. Maybe everyone is as poor as I am in this world. But before your first assignation you should knock off one or two of these. It really helps with getting the capital to invest in the stock market before you go on the mission.


The easiest way to knock off a truck for me was to steal a fire truck and hit them hard. Then use the fire hose to knock the people off of cliffs or into traffic. This avoids shooting and can prevent the cops from coming.


Step 3: Just Do Petty Theft


A fire truck can really be invaluable. If you hang out near the ATM you can hose the people who just used it down, and when they get hit by cars speeding away they will drop their money. This doesn't add up super fast, but it is low risk, and pretty fun.


You can also rob stores, but then you can't shop at those stores after, so only rob the stores you are unlikely to use, and only twice, as the third time they will shoot on site.


Be the First to Share


Did you make this project? Share it with us!
