Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas (iOS) iPhone Cheats


Command an army in strategic, turn-based combat as a tactical adviser for the Orange Star Army. Your expertise is needed as you move land, air, and naval units across the battlefield. Take down enemy squads and capture towns and bases to secure victory and keep the peace. Keep an eye on the game-changing terrain and weather as you lead a…


 Dead Island 2 


The much-loved zombie saga is back with a unique formula of horror, dark humor and over the top zombie-slaying, spanning an epic pulp adventure. Dead Island 2 is thrilling First-Person Action RPG, stylish, vibrant and flooded with zombie infection. Explore iconic, gore-drenched Los Angeles. Meet larger-than-life characters. Slay countless foes in exquisitely bloody detail. And evolve to become the ultimate…


 Star Trek: Resurgence 


Star Trek: Resurgence is an interactive narrative video game that tells an original story in a choice-driven adventure set within the iconic sci-fi universe


 The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom 


The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom is the sequel to The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. The setting for Link’s adventure has been expanded to include the skies above the vast lands of Hyrule.


GTA San Andreas Cheats for Mobile (Android, iOS/iPhone)


GTA: San Andreas is well known for its variety of cheats and cheat codes, allowing players to become invincible, speed up the game clock, gain infinite ammo, and more. The game’s mobile version for Android has all the cheat codes found on the PC and console versions, as well as a few exclusive codes, with iPhone players also wondering if cheats work on iOS.


All GTA: San Andreas Android cheats



  
Total Invincibility: GONPXWR

  
Weapon Set 4: BIEUHQY 

  
Adds the minigun, thermal goggles, and sex toy to your inventory.



  
This may not work for all missions



  
Adds the touch-screen control overlay to your screen



  
Shows where NPCs are facing, their health, and their attitude toward the player



  
Enables a developer mode where you can adjust various player stats




How to use cheats in GTA: San Andreas for Android


Cheating isn’t as straightforward in the mobile version of GTA: San Andreas. You may need to install a third-party keyboard app or connect a physical keyboard to your phone. If your default keyboard doesn’t work, try Hacker’s Keyboard instead (Play Store).


To enter cheat codes, type them in while you play. There’s no need to pause the game to enter cheat codes. Note that using cheat codes will disable achievements.


Can you use GTA San Andreas cheats on iOS and iPhone?


Unlike the Android version of the game, it’s practically impossible to use cheats on the iOS version of GTA: San Andreas. While the process can be done, it requires jailbreaking your phone and installing dodgy hacking apps. We highly recommend you do not attempt to do this. 


Can I use GTA: San Andreas PC cheats on mobile?


You can use all the PC cheats on mobile by entering the codes in the same way as the mobile cheats. Our guide for all the GTA: San Andreas PC cheats has every code in the game


GTA San Andreas Mobile Cheats (Android, iOS, Windows)


If you're looking for cheat codes to use in the mobile versions of Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, we have them all. This guide will show you exactly how to use the cheats, including the "secret" mobile only codes. Just be aware that it's not as simple as on other platforms.


For


Time


Add A Keyboard To Your Phone


Save The Game


Choose The Code


Input The Code


Cheat Active


Note: Some cheats may not function perfectly in the mobile port of GTA: SA. If the screen starts spinning, simply pinch and zoom to stop it.


GTA San Andreas Cheats for iOS, Android and Windows Mobiles


Below is the complete list of the additional "secret" cheat codes that only work on the mobile version of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas (more info). You can also use any of the PC version cheats in the mobile version.



  
Full Invincibility : "GONPXWR 
Makes you totally invulnerable to anything within the game, even bullets, drowning, etc.

  
Weapon Set 4 : "BIEUHQY" 
Gives you the minigun, thermal goggles and a sex toy. Re-enter the code and your thermal googles will become night vision goggles.

  
Complete Current Mission : "BYIXZIY" 
Completes the missions you are currently on. Just note it doesn't work for all missions.

  
Skip 4 Hours Time : "YACKMWS" 
Skips you time ahead in-game by exactly 4 hours.




Frequently Asked Questions


My iOS device isn’t recognizing my USB keyboard, what should I do?


This occurs when you are using an uncertified lightning to USB adapter. For Apple devices, it is highly recommended that you use original equipment, as most third-party equipment is unrecognized by Apple products. You can buy the official lightning to USB 3 camera adapter to connect your USB keyboard. It also comes with a charging port that can help power the keyboard (in case of lack of power).


Can I use a bluetooth keyboard with my iOS device?


Yes, you can. Many Bluetooth keyboards are supported by iOS. The most common and reliable one is the Logitech Bluetooth Keyboard.


How can I get Hacker’s Keyboard on my iOS device?


You cannot. Hacker's Keyboard is only available for Android. To get something remotely similar to Hacker's Keyboard, you would have to jailbreak your iOS device.


Posted by Aron Gerencser 


In the site's early beginnings, Aron was responsible for the bulk of the news posts that you'd find on GTA BOOM each and every day. He loves getting involved with the community and is an avid fan of all things Rockstar Games. Since then, Aron has become an editor across all the content that is posted on GTA BOOM. His journey with the franchise began with GTA 2 back when it was new (all the way back in 1999), and he was a gamer even before then. Graduating summa cum laude from Università degli Studi Guglielmo Marconi with a BA in Media Production, Aron has been a game journalist since 2014. When not writing, editing or playing, Aron is building models which you can find on Instagram and Facebook.
