Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Grand Theft Auto IV Vehicles & Cars List (GTA 4, TLaD & TBoGT)


On this page you find the full list of vehicles and cars in Grand Theft Auto IV and Episodes from Liberty City (TLaD & TBoGT). This complete GTA 4 Vehicles Database includes all the GTA 4 Cars, Motorcycles, Boats and Helicopters featured in the main game, as well as The Lost and Damned vehicles list, and The Ballad of Gay Tony vehicles list.


There is a total of 177 vehicles included in GTA 4 & Episodes. You can sort the vehicles by various statistics such as Top Speed and Monetary Value, to see what are the fastest cars in GTA 4, the most valuable, or the overall best vehicles in GTA 4.


You can also filter the vehicles by Game Edition and Vehicle Class. Clicking on each GTA IV vehicle brings you to their detailed information and stats, including locations where to find them.


How To Get Cars in GTA 4


In GTA IV, you can simply steal any car and vehicle you find on the street. You can get any Cars, Bikes, Boats, Helicopters, and more. Click on the GTA 4 vehicles in our database to see all the locations where you can find them on the map.


Once acquired, you can store the GTA 4 cars in the parking spaces outside of the Safehouses owned by the protagonists Niko, Johnny or Luis.


Can You Buy Cars in GTA 4?


No, it's not possible to buy cars in GTA 4, and the same goes for the Episodes From Liberty City (TLaD & TBoGT).


And why would you need to buy one?


You can simply steal vehicles and directly store them in your safehouse's parking spots. There is no way to purchase vehicles in Grand Theft Auto IV.


GTA 4 Cars List: Stevie's Car Thefts & Exotic Exports


GTA IV features two side missions that revolve around stealing and delivering cars and vehicles in exchange for monetary rewards: "Stevie's Car Theft" and "Exotic Exports".


In "Stevie's Car Theft" you have to deliver a list of 30 vehicles to Stevie's garage in Bohan. After completing all of Stevie's Requests, you can continue to steal any GTA 4 cars at any time and sell them to Stevie's garage for a reward.


In "Exotic Exports" it's Brucie Kibbutz asking you to steal a specific list of 10 cars and motorcycles and bring them to his lockup in East Hook.


Can You Customize Cars in GTA 4?


No, there is no vehicle customization in GTA IV and the Episodes From Liberty City (TLaD & TBoGT).


However, it's possible to take the GTA 4 cars and vehicles to the "Pay 'n' Spray" shop/garage, which allows you to respray the vehicle in a different color.


Bringing a GTA 4 vehicle to Pay 'n' Spray also completely repairs the vehicle and allows you to evade the police and lose the wanted level if you're already out of their sight - as the cops won't recognize you after changing the color of the car.


Fastest Cars & Best Vehicles in GTA 4 & Episodes


The overall fastest car in GTA IV is the Vapid Bullet GT, with a top speed of 101 mph (163 km/h) , making it the best vehicle in the game. However, the Bullet GT is exclusive to "The Ballad of Gay Tony" episode.


The fastest cars in the base GTA 4 game include the Coquette, Turismo, Comet, Banshee, and Infernus. For the full list, check out the Top 10 Fastest Cars in GTA IV & Episodes, ranked by the Top Speed they can achieve.


What about the best vehicles in GTA 4 in the other classes?



  
The best motorcycle in GTA 4 is the NRG 900, with a top speed of 93 mph (150 km/h)

  
The best motorcycle in GTA IV: The Ballad of Gay Tony is the Vader, with a top speed of 96 mph (154 km/h)

  
The best motorcycles in GTA IV: The Lost and Damned are the Hakuchou Custom and Double T Custom, both with a top speed of 99 mph (160 km/h)

  
The best boat in GTA 4 is the Jetmax, although the fastest boat in the GTA IV Complete Edition is the Smuggler (from TBoGT)




You can use our Vehicles Database above to sort the GTA 4 fastest cars and vehicles by top speed and other statistics - and you can click on each vehicle to see the locations where you can find them on the map.


GTA 4 Car Cheats & Vehicle Spawn Codes


Grand Theft Auto IV also offers several GTA 4 Car Cheats that allow you to spawn various cars and vehicles.


These include cheats to spawn the Turismo and Comet sports cars, the NRG-900 and Sanchez bikes, the Annihilator Helicopter, the Jetmax Boat, and more.


The GTA IV expansions The Lost and Damned & The Ballad of Gay Tony introduce additional Vehicle Cheats, that allow you to spawn various Motorcycles, and the cheat code to spawn the APC Tank.


However, unlike previous GTA games in the series, there is no flying cars cheat in GTA 4. You can find all the GTA 4 car cheats and vehicle spawn codes in our GTA 4 Cheat Codes Guide.


More GTA Vehicles Database


Below you find direct access to our complete GTA Vehicles Database for all Grand Theft Auto games in the series:


GTA 5: Pegassi Bati 801


The Pegassi Bati 801 is a Motorcycle featured in Grand Theft Auto V and GTA Online.


This vehicle also appears in Grand Theft Auto IV.


How to get the Bati 801 in GTA 5 Story Mode:


In GTA V Story Mode, the Bati 801 can be found and stolen (see the spawn locations in the "Appearances" section below), or it can be purchased for a price of $10,000 .


How to get the Bati 801 in GTA Online:


The Bati 801 can be purchased in GTA Online from Southern S.A. Super Autos for a price of $15,000 .


The Bati 801 can be stored in any of your Properties/Garages as a Personal Vehicle. It can be customized at Los Santos Customs . You can also modify it in a Vehicle Workshop inside one of your owned properties.


Once acquired, you can request the delivery of the Bati 801 from the Mechanic .


Pegassi Bati 801 in Real Life:


The design of the Pegassi Bati 801 is based on a real life Ducati 848 .


Pegassi Bati 801 Top Speed:


The actual top speed of the Bati 801 in GTA V is 135.00 mph (217.26 km/h) when it's fully upgraded, as it's been accurately tested in-game by Broughy1322.


Can you sell the Bati 801 in GTA Online?


Yes, you can sell the Bati 801 at Los Santos Customs for a resale price of $9,000 (60% of the original purchase), plus 50% of the value of your upgrades.


Bati 801: GTA V Vehicle Info


Vehicle Class Motorcycles Manufacturer


Pegassi Vehicle Features Has Variants Mystery Prize Acquisition Southern S.A. Super Autos Story Mode Price $10,000 GTA Online Price $15,000 Storage Location Garage (Personal Vehicle) MC Clubhouse Delivery Method Mechanic Modifications Los Santos Customs Variant / Conversion


Bati 801RR


Sell Can be sold only if purchased (High-End) Sell Price (Resale) $9,000 ($63,900 when fully upgraded) Race Availability Can be used in Races Top Speed - Game Files 93.21 mph (150.00 km/h) Based on (Real Life) Ducati 848


Bati 801: GTA V Performance


Top Speed - Real 135.00 mph (217.26 km/h) Lap Time 0:58.625 Bulletproof No Explosive Resistance


Amount of explosives required to destroy the Bati 801, with 100% armor, and occupied by a player:


 
  Explosive Weapon Amount    Homing Launcher / Oppressor Missiles / Jet Missiles 1  RPG / Grenades / Sticky Bomb / MOC Cannon 1  Explosive Rounds (Heavy Sniper Mk II) 2  Tank Cannon (Rhino / APC) 1  Anti-Aircraft Trailer Dual 20mm Flak 1    
