Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Guardian Helm Variations


This mod closed Guardian Helm's visor for both male and female hunter.


Credits and distribution permission



  
Other user's assets All the assets in this file belong to the author, or are from free-to-use modder's resources

  
Upload permission You are not allowed to upload this file to other sites under any circumstances

  
Modification permission You must get permission from me before you are allowed to modify my files to improve it

  
Conversion permission You are not allowed to convert this file to work on other games under any circumstances

  
Asset use permission You must get permission from me before you are allowed to use any of the assets in this file

  
Asset use permission in mods/files that are being sold You are not allowed to use assets from this file in any mods/files that are being sold, for money, on Steam Workshop or other platforms

  
Asset use permission in mods/files that earn donation points You are not allowed to earn Donation Points for your mods if they use my assets




Author notes


This author has not provided any additional notes regarding file permissions


File credits


This author has not credited anyone else in this file


Donation Points system


This mod is opted-in to receive Donation Points


Both straight donations and premium membership donations accepted


VERY IMPORTANT NOTES: 
Please endorse this mod if you LIKE and USE this mod. 
Donation Points (DP) I received from Nexus for this mod will go 100% for charity against malaria.
So, PLEASE REMEMBER to ENDORSE if you LIKE and USE this mod. 
 If there can be Caring in Modding, I'm in! ~lovender~  


 NOTES: 
If you love my work and would like to support, you can donate for my son's college fund:
https://paypal.me/LimLeonardus?locale.x=en_US


 
Guardian Helm Variations v1.0


 Description: 
This mod closed Guardian Helm's visor for both male and female hunter.


 Installation: 
FIRST, copy nativePC folder from "[INSTALL THIS FIRST]" folder to your MHW game directory.
For variations, copy nativePC folder from "[Optional]" folder.


Uninstallation: 
Delete "helm" folder from: "nativePC\pl\m_equip\pl121_0000" and "nativePC\pl\f_equip\pl121_0000" directories.


How to Switch Helmet In-Game: Just copy nativePC from other optional folder. Then equip other helmet first, and then back equip this mod/vanila helm.
Voila! Your helmet will be switched WITHOUT HAVING TO QUIT THE GAME.


 Credits: 
Everyone on Discord who help me learn how to mod MHW.


Hunters & Guardians


We wanted to thank you for all the support you have given us to date. Without you, this project would probably have failed and lost. Thanks for all the help and support given in continuing to develop the mod (the most special thanks are at the end). Thanks especially to everyone who joined our discord group . This mod is not only our creation, but yours too, with your little mounts. Thanks also for the patience you give us in developing it.


This mod adds a new way to play Minecraft. In a boring and repetitive world, this mod adds a mystical and magical adventure where the thirst for power has no limits. This mod is recommended to play with 2 or more people (friends or people on the Minecraft servers that are on our Discord Server) to have maximum fun and creativity. The mod is in fact based on the story of Disc 12 (RG) (and more) with all the factions that exist (Hunter, Guardian, Vanquisher and more).


Many items are decorative. Others (such as shields) have skills that are unlocked either with the mouse button (dx/sx) (and with shift sometimes) or by/and wearing the armor of the respective entity.


Weapons are the most interesting items in the mod. All weapons (swords, halberd, scepters, blade etc) have skills. Skills unlock like shields: with the mouse button (dx/sx) (and with shift sometimes) or by/and wearing the armor of the respective entity.


Skins are powerless armors, and many of them belong to basic entities. Here you can also find the robes of the Gods and more. Skins have very little resistance compared to armors.


The armors are very protective (depending on the entities) and all have powers (more or less strong). Combined with weapons they can enable very powerful hidden abilities.


The mod contains 2 more Creative Tabs: Blocks and Other Entities. The last is the most interesting of the mod.
