Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Toca Boca


Ask anyone what their favorite thing is in their mobile devices, and they will tell you it is to play games. For the creative minds and people who love simple and adventurous games, the Toca Boca edition from the developer Björn Jeffery Emil Ovemar is the game for you.


Being one of the most popular games, Toca has simple graphics and lots of fun. And the good thing is that you can build your own world with your own imagination. Toca Boca is specially designed for kids.


What is Toca Boca?


Toca Boca is a game developed by Swedish developer Björn Jeffery Emil Ovemar, specially designed for children to explore the world. The user can create their own world and play out any stories they like. However, the developer made this game, keeping in mind both children and adults.


 Best Features :


Being one of the legendary games, expect a lot of good features like:



  
Regular updates.

  
An inventory menu to build anything you want.

  
Indestructible tools.

  
Unlimited breath.

  
Multiple gameplay modes such as creative, survival, and adventure modes.

  
Many more features.

  
You can create your own world and explore it.




 Downloading Toca Boca for iOS :


You can download Toca Boca in AppStore, but the drawback is that you’ll have to pay for it. But why should you when there is an app installer like AppValley? AppValley lets you enjoy playing Toca Boca on your mobile device and at no cost.


AppValley comes in as a lifesaver as you can download the games at no cost. It is a third-party iOS app installer that enables you to have any tweaked, modified, or unlocked apps on your device for free. You need to download it from your browser, which is also free. Once you have it, open and search Toca on the search button.


The good thing about AppValley is that you get an unlocked version of the Toca app. That means all the in-app purchases will be enabled automatically without the need to pay for anything.


2. Tap on profiles and device management. You’ll be presented with lots of other apps you have.


3. Find Toca and hit the Trust button. You are doing this to access the app.


Without hitting ‘Trust,’ you will face an Untrusted Developer Issue, and you will not enjoy playing the game. Make sure you confirm the Trust button first. After that, go back to your home screen and click on install the app. Follow the on-screen instructions, wait for a few seconds for the installation process to be complete. You can now comfortably get into the Toca world and create an imaginary place of your own.


Toca Boca Supported Device:


Toca Boca is available on App Store and Play Store. You can play it on both Android and iOS devices. To play Toca on your PC or Mac, you need to install an Emulator first.


Toca Boca Available Apps:



  
Toca Life: World

  
Toca Hair Salon

  
Toca Dance

  
Toca Kitchen

  
Toca Mini

  
Toca Pet Doctor

  
Toca cars

  
Toca Builders

  
Toca Tailor

  
Toca Band

  
Toca Train

  
Toca House

  
Toca Birthday Party

  
Toca Tea party

  
Toca Doctor and more.




Conclusion:


Let us know your experience in this game in the comments section below. Follow us on Facebook to get more content like this.


How to Get a Free House in Toca Life World – Guide


Toca Life World is one of many Toca games created by the developer Toca Boca. You have Toca Kitchen, Toca Hair Salon, Toca Mystery House, Toca Life: Hospital, and so many more.


Players get to create unique characters and customize everything about them—from hairstyles to cute little outfits. After you’re done creating your avatar, you can explore a bunch of cool locations, uncover hundreds of secrets, look for mysterious crumpets, and play out all the stories you want—your world, your rules.


One of the most fun aspects of the game is creating your home and decorating it to match your style. The game lets you build one default type of home and equip it with a few essential pieces of furniture, but if you want to have a bigger, better, and more beautiful house with more furniture choices, you will have to pay some actual cash.


However, there are ways around the paywall. In this article, we will show you how to get a free house in Toca Life World with all the furniture you may want.


How to Get a Free House in Toca Life World


Those who are looking for a free house in Toca Life World know that there are many empty promises out there. You can find numerous YouTube videos or articles with codes that supposedly give you freebies in this game, but most of them turn out to be useless.


Still, there is one way to get not one but several free houses and different furniture packs without spending a cent—by downloading and installing this Toca Life World mod APK file.


This version of Toca Life World comes with 7 free houses and a bunch of free objects that you can use to arrange and decorate your new crib the way you like it. The latest version of this APK file includes 70 pieces of furniture, 9 wall designs, 44 decorations, and 3 floor patterns.


How to Install the Toca Life World Mod APK File


Getting this version of Toca Life World is quite simple. You just need to:



  
Remove your existing Toca Life World app from your mobile device

  
Download the APK file from the link above

  
Make sure to change the settings on your phone so that it accepts installations of external APK files

  
Find the downloaded file and install it

  
Run the game and enjoy all the free content




We hope you have loads of fun with more freedom that this APK file gives you! If you need more help with Toca Boca games, check out our dedicated section for more useful articles!


We are hiring game guide writers!


Touch, Tap, Play is looking for experienced writers to produce guides for popular mobile and Nintendo Switch titles. If mobile gaming is your passion and you want to get paid to create guides, you’re in the right place. Check out our job ad today!


Toca Life: Hospital


Окунитесь в будни оживленного медицинского центра с игрой Toca Life: Hospital! Помогайте малышам рождаться на свет, лечите больных и даже прощайтесь с родными. Ощутите радость и боль жизни по-своему в Toca Life: Hospital.


РОЖДЕНИЕ
Помогать ребенку появиться на свет — немножко страшно и в то же время чудесно! Почувствуйте это сами: помогите нам принимать новорожденных малышей в семейство Toca Life! Family и заботиться об этих милых, туго спеленутых сверточках.


УХОД
Порой в больницах происходят и печальные события. Комната прощания в Toca Life: Hospital дает членам семьи возможность проститься с родными в спокойной обстановке.


И ВСЕ ЧТО МЕЖДУ НИМИ
С Toca Life: Hospital вы можете разыгрывать выдуманные или настоящие истории о медицинских осмотрах, рентгеновских обследованиях и прочих событиях повседневной больничной реальности.


ВАС ЖДУТ ИНТЕРЕСНЫЕ СОБЫТИЯ НА ПЯТИ ЭТАЖАХ
В подвале можно завести сирену на машине «скорой помощи» или попробовать разгадать секретный код и проникнуть в таинственную лабораторию! На первом этаже — посмотреть, что делается в регистратуре, посидеть в зале ожидания или перекусить в кафе. В лечебном отделении есть диагностическое оборудование, лаборатория для анализов и операционная. В семейном центре вы найдете педиатрическое отделение и акушерское отделение, оснащенное аппаратом для УЗИ, люльки для новорожденных — и самих новорожденных! В отделении общего ухода для пациентов устроен сад камней для медитации. А в комнате прощания родные и близкие могут проститься с дорогими усопшими.


ОСОБЕННОСТИ
- К вашим услугам пять этажей: подвал, приемный покой, лечебное и лабораторное отделение, семейное отделение и отделение общего ухода.
- Персонажей можно перемещать между этажами на большом лифте.
- Берегитесь микробов — персонажи могут заболеть! Но если это случилось, врач может выписать лекарство.
- Пациентка ждет малыша? Рассмотрите его на УЗИ!
- Ах уж эти младенчики! Помогайте малышам появиться на свет!
- Используйте аппарат для КТ (наш — с ушками, как у КоТа!) и рентгеновский аппарат для обследования пациентов!
- Контролируйте жизненные показатели пациентов в ходе операции на медицинском мониторе.
- В вашем распоряжении — все необходимые инструменты, материалы и снаряжение, как в настоящей больнице: каталки, бинты, костыли, койки, инвалидные кресла и многое другое!
- Разгадайте код на таинственной машине, чтобы попасть в секретную лабораторию!
- Проститесь с ушедшими близкими и обретите смирение в комнате прощания.
- Задайте правильное настроение для своей истории — выберите подходящую музыку: от драматической темы больницы до расслабляющей неторопливой мелодии.


О TOCA BOCA
Сотрудники Toca Boca убеждены, что игра стимулирует воображение ребенка и помогает ему познавать мир. Создавая наши продукты, мы стараемся смотреть на вещи глазами ребенка, чтобы побудить его играть, творить и воплощать свои мечты. Среди наших разработок — удостоенные наград приложения, насчитывающие более 150 млн загрузок в 215 странах мира. Мы предлагаем веселые и безопасные игры с открытым концом. Узнать о нас и о наших продуктах подробнее вы можете на нашем сайте tocaboca.com.
