Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



How to enter the aurora subnautica


So, it seems like the bow and stern of the aurora are being 'guarded' by reapers. What's the safest way in? Remember, the hole in the side that leads to the drive room no longer exists.


You should be able to get in through the front. Swim from your capsule to the side of the Aurora. Hug the side and swim towards the front of the ship. You'll eventually see some openings in the hull that you can see/swim through and get to the inner wreckage and a pathway that leads up. If you hang out in that area for too long or you take a really wide course around the front then you might aggro the Reaper.


I'm on my first playthrough but I went directly to the Aurora on the surface, then followed the hull left towards the ramp avoiding the reapers below.


Also ♥♥♥♥ the reapers, I lost my first seamoth which I thought was 100% safe to one that snuck up behind me in the dark with no warning whatsoever and I hadn't even seen a reaper before. Needless to say I no longer sleep at night and require some form of therapy.


I'm on my first playthrough but I went directly to the Aurora on the surface, then followed the hull left towards the ramp avoiding the reapers below.


I'm on my first playthrough but I went directly to the Aurora on the surface, then followed the hull left towards the ramp avoiding the reapers below.



Seamoth or cyclops? You don't need either. Just swim on the surface, the Reapers won't come up to you.



It already did, and I've been to it before, albeit unsuccessfully. I'm just trying to find out how to avoid the reapers.



It already did, and I've been to it before, albeit unsuccessfully. I'm just trying to find out how to avoid the reapers. Just stay above water.


This is the way that worked the best for me, haven't met a single reaper with this approach: 
- Basically, I took my seamoth from the lifepod towards as middle as you possibly can of the Aurora. Stay close to the surface so you get a good sense of where you're going. 
- After reaching the Aurora I left my seamoth there and used a seaglide the rest of the way 
- What you wanna do is, take the seaglide and head towards the bow of the Aurora. Stay as close as possible to the Aurora and stay at the surface! 
- When you reach the bow it's all messed up and broken and what you do is, in short, turn right as soon as that's possible, kind of like you're going inward to the Aurora. And just go straight forward across to the part of it that's sort of like a big metal beach.
I hope this was helpful, i described it to the best of my memory. Good luck!


How To Enter The Aurora?


Similarly, How do you get into the Aurora after explosion?


The blast is concentrated on the ship’s forward section. If the player is in the crash zone biome when the event happens, the explosion might kill them. The Player may only explore within the Aurora after the explosion, but if they are not wearing a radiation suit, they will incur damage over time.


Also, it is asked, What is the code to open the door in the Aurora?


The code for one door is 1869, whereas the code for the Captain’s Quarters is 2679. The door code 1454 may be used to open the Cargo Bay entrance, whereas the Lab Access code is 6483. Finally, 6666 may be used to access the Robotics Bay. That concludes Subnautica’s Aurora door codes.


Secondly, Can you enter the Aurora before it explodes?


The wreckage of the Aurora is surrounded by radiation when the Drive Core bursts, making it impossible to approach without a Radiation Suit. While hazardous and remote, the Aurora may be visited early in the game before it explodes, albeit effective exploration requires many equipment.


Also, Can you crouch in Subnautica?


No squatting allowed. Maybe you could put a little remote-controlled drone in there? Cougarific originally posted: No squatting allowed.


People also ask, What’s the code for Cabin 1 in Subnautica?


Cabins 1 and 3 are located on the left side. You may now input the Cabin 1 code, which is 1869.


Related Questions and Answers


Can you stop the aurora from exploding?


Can you stop Subnautica’s Aurora from exploding? The short answer is no. I, like many others before me, tried, but there is no way to enter the Aurora before it explodes.


How long is a day in Subnautica?


An ingame day is 20 minutes long in actual time, with 15 minutes of daylight and 5 minutes of darkness.


Are there Cyclops fragments in the Aurora?


Subnautica: Where Are The Cyclops Fragments? The Cyclops pieces are scattered around Subnautica. It may be found in Jellyshroom Caves, Aurora, Wrecks, Mountain Island, and Underwater Islands, as well as the Mushroom Forest, Floating Island, and Sea Treader’s Path.


Can you save the sunbeam?


Yes, it is feasible to disable the laser gun on the Quarantine Enforcement Platform in time to rescue the Sunbeam, despite the fact that it is rather difficult to accomplish before the ship arrives.


Is Subnautica timed?


There isn’t any time restriction.


Do you have to repair the Aurora?


The litigation is unnecessary. You may use other items without having to worry about radiation.


What does F8 do in Subnautica?


F8 to give input (wanted to report the cyclops cameras looking through base walls to show lockers / water filtration / docked seamoth / etc) may cause a malfunction and pull you out of the cyclops camera view.


How many Cyclops engine fragments are in the Aurora?


Each completed component advances the overall Cyclops blueprint by 33%; the player must discover and scan nine pieces in total to completely finish the Cyclops blueprint.


Why can’t I repair the prawn bay door?


That is a bug; you must enter in a different manner. Remove the fire from in front of the door’s repairable panel on the left side. I experienced the identical issue where the code would not repair, cut, or utilize. You’ll receive a command console if you press LB + A + RB in that sequence and keep them down.


What happens if you disable the gun before the Sunbeam arrives?


If the player disables the Quarantine Enforcement Platform before the Sunbeam arrives, however, Avery Quinn will notify them that they will be unable to land owing to massive quantities of debris surrounding the planet. Despite the fact that the Sunbeam and its crew have survived, their mission to save the player has failed.


Why are there no guns in Subnautica?


Cleveland declared in 2016 that there will be no firearms in the game as a statement against gun-related violence, and the game has previously been used to demonstrate the studio’s views.


What is the biggest creature in Subnautica?


The Sea Dragon Leviathan is the game’s most powerful enemy monster. Leviathan is a term used to describe the biggest animals in the Subnautica universe.


What is the end goal in Subnautica?


The player takes control of Ryley Robinson, the Aurora’s lone survivor, who is trapped on the isolated ocean planet 4546B. The primary goal is to explore the ocean and survive its perils while also fulfilling chores to progress the story.


Do you need the Radiation suit after fixing the Aurora?


Despite certain information provided to the player, the Radiation Suit is no longer required when the player fixes all of the breaches in the Aurora’s drive core chamber (such as the PDA entry for the Nuclear Reactor).


Where is the Aurora reactor?


Can leviathans destroy Cyclops?


Can Cyclops be defeated by the Sea Dragon Leviathan? The Sea Dragon Leviathan will attack the Cyclops by smashing it with its limbs with great power, leaving the Cyclops on its side or upside down. The Sea Dragon Leviathan will get trapped inside the map’s borders, but will still be able to attack the player.


Can you dock the Cyclops in the Moonpool?


The Cyclops Docking Mod was created with great attention to detail, and it blends in flawlessly with the game. With this update, we can dock the Cyclops, switch immediately to the base / vehicle, and charge the batteries in the same way we do with the Seamoth / Prawn suit and the Moonpool.


Conclusion


The “how to get into the aurora before it explodes” is a question that has been asked. The answer to the question is not yet known, but there are some theories on how people could enter the aurora.


How to Get Into The Aurora in Subnautica


As it is pretty evident, it is pretty tough to get into the Aurora in Subnautica. The crashed spaceship is a major part of the storyline just like curing the Infection, so, it isn’t a step you can skip outright. And if you’ve already tried your version of a Subanutica inspired Normandy landing party, you might have encountered some Leviathans. Luckily, this guide will help you with your jolly escapades to this wreckage site. Scroll down to find out more! Major Spoilers Ahead!


How to get into the crashed Aurora in Subnautica?


To get into the Aurora you will have to head on over to the nose area of the ship. This is basically the part that is broken up and provides an entry into the interior of the ship. Make sure to approach the wreckage from the left side of the ship to avoid contact with the Leviathan.


Make sure to not dive too deep and keep your head on a swivel. Creep over to the nose by going along the portside of the crashed vessel. Now, enter into the broken area and you will be able to see a small ramp jutting out into the water. Head on over and exit your vehicle so that you can get into the Aurora in Subnautica.


However, this is just part of the journey. Next, you will have to head on over to the main platform. Keep following the wreckage until you see your path is blocked. On your right, you will notice a curved beam. Hop onto this and make your way to the interiors of the ship. Once you’re in, follow the signs to get to the Administration Center.


Why to get into the Aurora?


Wondering why it is so important to get into the Aurora in Subnautica? As I mentioned earlier, it plays an important part in the progression of the storyline the game follows. The Aurora forms the base of the story as it is the craft that you were leaving the planet on. The ship crashes and voila you are now stranded.


However, all hope is not lost as the spaceship contains some pretty nifty information. This is in the form of blueprints for an escape rocket that will help you get off the planet. All of this makes grinding through the wreckage worth the time. You will also get some rare items such as the Cyclops submarine and more.


These blueprints are your ticket out of the game and basically give you an end goal. Thus, skipping this area is not something that you should do.


Tips and Tricks


Now, to get into the Aurora in Subnautica is far from easy. You will also have to pack a few items that will actually help you explore the crashed ship. The very first thing is a Radiation suit. There is no chance that you are getting into the Aurora without this on.


Next, you will need a fire extinguisher. The ship is still a smoldering mess of hot metal and uncontrollable fires. Hence, you will need your own fire suppression equipment. Luckily, there are a few of these on hand in and around the wreckage.


The Laser Cutter is possibly the most important piece of equipment that you will need to get into the Aurora in Subnautica. As the spaceship has been destroyed on impact, many areas are cut off with large metal plates. This is where the Laser cutter comes to the rescue. You can simply hack your way through walls to get to the location you want.


The Seaglide is the last piece of equipment you should carry. It is portable and since a good amount of the Aurora is submerged, the Seaglide makes getting around easier.


Other things you should carry include batteries, a knife or any weapon, and the scanner. These are basic essentials that you will usually have on yourself at all times.


Follow all of this and you should be golden while you learn to get into the Aurora in Subnautica. So, there you have it. Another major piece of the puzzle solved!
