Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



How to get Devil Fruit in Roblox Grand Piece Online


Devil Fruit is the most critical part of Grand Piece Online. If you find one of these, they grant you a unique ability within the game. Your character will be 10x more powerful, which means you can't expect to get far without one. Locating one can be a little tricky. Firstly, you must be in the Second Sea to find them, meaning you're most likely required to be level 100+. Leveling up can be relatively easy if you're willing to grind at it. Once you reach the appropriate level, these are the best ways to find some Fruit.


Get the Devil Fruit Notifier


While this upgrade isn't required to find Devil Fruit, it makes the process a lot easier. The Fruit usually spawns once every hour, meaning it could take a lot of waiting for them to even show up in the game. By spending a little bit of Robux, you can be notified exactly when one pops up. This makes things a little easier if you are desperate to find one ASAP. However, you can still find one without.


Check Trees


Devil Fruit can spawn in trees, but not just any trees. They have been known to generate in the trees at the Colosseum of Arc. They are a much narrower and skinnier type tree where they should be displayed within. However, this method might require you to wait long and isn't always guaranteed. If you are hoping to AFK farm, this would be an easy way. All you have to do is check the trees every few hours.


Destroy Marine Ships


Another way to acquire Fruit is the fight enemy Marine ships. This requires you to have higher notoriety for it spawn these ships in, and since it's a more challenging method, you might want to be at a higher level. When you spawn in your boat or ship, you can row out to sea, and these enemies will automatically attack you. To find the Fruit, all you have to do is defeat the Captain. Again, this isn't a guaranteed Fruit every time. You might have to battle several of these ships to find one.


Dungeons


Dungeons are another method to win some Devil Fruit, but they take longer to accomplish. Entering a dungeon requires you to defeat multiple waves of enemy. While this is possible to do solo if you have the skills and strength, it's a lot easier to do in a group. If you can complete all the waves and fulfill the dungeon, there is a chance for you to win a Fruit.


Trading


Another way you can attain some Fruit, or get the Fruit you've been wanting, is to trade with other players. Although you have to be closer to the max level to do this action, getting the Fruit you want is much easier. However, trading requires you to have items of decent worth to give in return. If you are a newer player and don't have Fruit or valuable items to trade, this method might not be the best way for you.


Looking for more Grand Piece Online content? Check out our guides on Best Fighting Styles in Grand Piece Online (GPO) or How to reach Sky Island in Roblox Grand Piece Online!


About the Author


Abby Smith is a super nerd and video game fanatic. She likes to spend her free time binge-watching Netflix, reading all genres of novels, and playing all the best new video games. As an alumni from Full Sail University, she enjoys dabbling in creative writing such as short stories, scripts, comics, and articles of all kinds.


Write A Comment


How to get Devil Fruit in Roblox Grand Piece Online


Cancel reply


This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.


Devil Fruits


Devil Fruits have a chance to spawn roughly once every 1-4 hours after the server is started, and will despawn after 1 hour. The timer for the next Fruit will start once the Devil Fruit has been picked up or has despawned. All fruits is listed by rarity, from Common to Mythical. Each rarity has different chances of spawning. So if you started a server at 10:00 a fruit has a chance to spawn at 11:00, 12:00, 1:00, or 2:00, with 11:00 being the fastest it can spawn, and 2:00 being the latest.


Monday to Thursday Chances:



  
Common fruits have a 69.5% (nice!) spawn rate.

  
Rare fruits have a 26% spawn rate.

  
Legendary have a 1% spawn rate.

  
Mythical have a 0.5% spawn rate.




On Fridays, Saturdays & Sundays, Logia fruits have double the spawn-rate, bumping them up to 8% and 1% spawn-rate respectively and reducing the spawn-rate of Common fruits to 65%.



  
Common fruits have a 65% spawn-rate.

  
Rare fruits have a 26% spawn-rate.

  
Legendary have a 2% spawn-rate.

  
Mythical have a 1% spawn-rate.




Alternatively, you may attempt Ship Farming, which has a 1% or 2% chance to reward a devil fruit when done, with rarities applying. Doing dungeons is the best and most efficient way to get a Devil fruit especially on weekends. You can also try farming Sea King With a chance of 3% to get a Devil fruit.


This list contains Devil Fruits that are fully implemented into the game:


Devil Fruits


Devil Fruits are mysterious fruits that give the user unique abilities when eaten, at the cost of being unable to swim. They can be found under trees randomly across the map, and are separated into 3 distinct categories: Paramecia, Logia, and Zoan. 


Contents


Spawning Mechanics


Devil Fruits have a chance to spawn once every 1-4 hours after the server is started, and will despawn after 1 hour. The timer for the next fruit spawn will start once the Devil Fruit has been picked up or has despawned.



  
If a server is started at 10:00 AM, the fruit can spawn between 11:00 AM and 2:00 PM.

  
If the player then picks up the spawned Devil Fruit at 1:00 PM, the next one can spawn between 2:00 PM and 5:00 PM.




Chances & Rarities



  
Common fruits have a 59.5% rate, making the odds 119/200

  
Rare fruits have a 26% rate, making the odds 13/50

  
Epic fruits have a 10% rate making the rates 1/10

  
Legendary fruits have a 4% rate, making the odds 1/25.

  
Mythical fruits have a 0.5% rate, making the odds 1/200

  
. Is a dev fruit that has been used by [1] Rip_indra in patron events




On 2x Logia Weekends (Fridays, Saturdays & Sundays), Legendary and Mythical fruits have double the drop and spawn-rates, bumping them up to 8% and 1% rate respectively.



  
Common fruits have a 54% rate, making the odds 27/50

  
Rare fruits have a 26% rate, making the odds 13/50

  
Epic fruits have a 10%, making the odds 1/10

  
Legendary fruits have a 8% rate, making the odds 2/25.

  
Mythical fruits have a 1% rate, making the odds 1/100.




In addition, possessing the All Seeing Eye during 2x Logia Weekends causes Legendary and Mythical fruits to have quadruple the drop rates. However, this does not apply to fruits spawning. These drop rates only apply to methods that add a devil fruit directly into your inventory, like Ship Farming, Dungeons, and Kraken Farming.



  
Common fruits have a 44% rate, making the odds 11/25

  
Rare fruits have a 26% rate, making the odds 13/20

  
Epic fruits have a 10% rate, making the odds 1/10.

  
Legendary fruits have a 16% rate, making the odds 4/25

  
Mythical fruits have a 2% rate, making the odds 1/50.




It's good to consider that when doing events that reroll common fruit, the chances of the remaining fruit goes up.


 
 All-Seeing Eye + Logia 2x All-Seeing Eye or Logia 2x Basic/None   Rare  48.1% 57.78% 64.1%   Epic  18.5% 22.2% 24.6%   Legendary  29.6% 17.78% 9.9%   Mythical  3.7% 2.22% 1.2%  



Alternatively, there are several other ways to gain Devil Fruits apart from spawning.



  
Battle Royale, a gamemode inspired by the game genre of the same name. Players drop on an island with various locations to loot, fight, and survive, sometimes all of that at once. There are three different variations of it: Solos, Duos and Squads. The first, upon winning, will always give you a Legendary Fruit Chest, and the other two will give you a Rare Fruit Chest upon winning, and a Legendary Fruit Chest if you were the MVP. 

  
This is, by far, the best gamemode to get Legendary and Mythical fruits.



  
Since playing Battle Royale will progress the Battle Pass, it can also be considered a "bonus reward" from playing the gamemode.



  
The actual rarities of the fruit rates from ship farming are doubted by many, however, there used to be a Discord server which did their own "ship analysis", which consists of them sharing every single one of their "ship farming" drops. Interpretation of this info is up to the individual player. You may access this info at this server.



  
Dungeons once were the best way to grind fruits, due to the guarantee that you get one on waves 20 and higher, especially on 2X Logia Weekends, but since Update 6, Battle Royale took the throne.

  
If you reach wave 40 in a dungeon, at least a rare or above fruit is guaranteed. (Note: going any higher than 40 won't give you more fruits or a fruit from a higher rarity.) Also, everyone participating will get a devil fruit at this wave regardless of damage. (Even if you got 0 damage and made it to wave 40 you could get a devil fruit.)

  
During the Valentine's Day event, a Cupid's Dungeon mode has been added. It was the new best method by far with high level players with good builds being able to get a fruit every 10-15 minutes. (Please note that this method is unavailable due to the event getting removed.)



  
The rates of Karoo Racing makes this method one of the worst methods in the game. Not only that, but the devil fruit you get is still randomized, so you could end up getting a common fruit.



  
The rates of Gift of Fruits were similar to normal fruit drops, applying 2x logia on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.




Implemented


This list contains Devil Fruits that are fully implemented into the game:


Pull for Gravity Blade's "Gravity Frenzy" (E)


Paramecia  Boosts range of Bisento's "Heavy Sweep" (E)


Does 3 slashes instead of 1 for Bisento's "Shockwave Slash" (R)


Increased range and stamina steal upon using hook impale 


Water Walking and Ice Skating


Adds burn damage and fire effects to Vrael's Pipe 


Using Dragon Stance adds burn damage and fire effects to Dragon Claw moves


(Bird-Bird Fruit, Model: Phoenix)


Mythical Zoan  Blue Phoenix Talons when equipped (M1 move)


Zoan Bar that heals 50% of all sources of damage


Teased


This list contains Devil Fruits which are not available in the actual game but have been teased before.


Every fruit on this list has been, at one point in development, at least partially programmed or modeled.


There are currently 6 publicly teased, unreleased Devil Fruits.


The game's creator, Phoeyu, likes to scrap things and remake them, so all these could possibly be remade completely before release, especially if not teased recently.


(Chop-Chop Fruit, allows for immunity to swords and detachment of body parts)


(Operation-Operation Fruit, creates a field in which the player can control anything)


(Cat-Cat Fruit, Model: Leopard, allows you to switch between human, human-leopard hybrid, and full leopard)


(Human-Human Fruit, Model: Buddha, become a large and extremely powerful golden buddha that can generate shockwaves similar to Gura)


(Fish-Fish Fruit, Model: Azure Dragon, allows you to switch between human, human-azure dragon hybrid, and full azure dragon)


(Wax-Wax Fruit, become a wax human that can create and control large quantities of candle wax)


(Venom Vemon, become a poison human that can produce and control different types of poison) 


(Spring Spring, become a spring human that can turn their body into springs and bounce around how they please) 
