Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Welcome to Dolphin Emulator


Dolphin is an open-source platform project which means it's available on all kinds of hardware more recent versions only support 64-bit Windows, Mac OS 10, Linux, and Android operating systems.


What is Dolphin Emulator?


In the gaming world, we have two of the best game consoles ever made. So it's only right that the Dolphin emulator which emulates both consoles on PC is one of the best emulators ever made.


So on this site, you will get to know about how to get it up and running, get the best settings to configure controllers, tweak the graphics and make Mario pop, and many more.


The Dolphin emulator is among the most popular if not the most popular on the scene this is because of an unprecedented level of accuracy performance features and enhancement capabilities.


What started as a humble GameCube emulator became the premiere GameCube and Wii emulator before the later systems console cycle was even finished.


Dolphin is an open-source platform project which means it's available on all kinds of hardware more recent versions only support 64-bit Windows, Mac OS 10, Linux, and Android operating systems.


For the sake of simplicity, we are providing the use of this emulator on the Windows 10 operating system which is the most used desktop operating system at the time much of the wisdom learned here can be applied to installation and configuration on another operating system as well.


Features


Immerse yourself in endless gaming possibilities across all platforms as we not only have the best emulator out there.


The Dolphin emulator is for the two latest Nintendo video game consoles GameCube & Wii. these two consoles are prey much the best out there; so clearly the PC emulator for these consoles is the best too.


Dolphin enables PC(and android) gamers to experience and enjoy games for these 2 consoles along with the following features:


Compatibility with all PCs


Dolphin Emulator Guide For Beginners


Hello everyone. I've made a beginner guide for Dolphin. In case anyone is interested, here's the table of content:



  
1 What’s Dolphin Emulator?

  
2 Is Dolphin Emulator Safe?

  
3 Where To Download Dolphin Emulator From?

  
4 What’s the Difference Between Beta, Development and Stable Versions?

  
5 How to Install Dolphin Emulator?

  
6 How to Configure Dolphin Emulator? 

  
6.1 How To Setup Controller Using Dolphin Emulator?

  
6.2 How To Setup Your Games

  
6.3 How To Play Gamecube & Wii Games on Your Windows PC?

  
6.4 How to Change the Look of Your Games Menu Into Game Box Arts?



  
7.1 How to Go Fullscreen Mode Using Dolphin?

  
7.2 How To Save and Load Your Progress On Dolphin?

  
7.3 How To Capture Screenshots Using Dolphin Emulator

  
7.4 How to Fast Forward?



  
8.1 Enhancements

  
8.2 Anti-Aliasing

  
8.3 How To Load Custom Textures Into Dolphin?



  
10.1 How to Add AR Codes to Dolphin?

  
10.2 How to Add Gecko Codes to Dolphin?




If you have some free time, please let me know what I can do to make the guide better. Thank you.


TBH didn’t read it. Just glanced over it. Looks pretty comprehensive. Although didn’t see nothing on how to get the games to your pc.


I may ask my friend who owns both a Gamecube and Wii to show me how he rips his games so that I can include that into the guide.


yeah you should ask the mods to pin this post as it looks as if you’ve prepared this thread in such a manner to do that lol


Afaik, I don't think the Wii has the horsepower to run Gamecube games via Dolphin, but I could be wrong. As for the Steam Deck, I hope I'll get my hands on one eventually since it's pretty scarce in my country.


If you are in a hurry to play on the deck, however, you can check this channel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHZ6qlXN9Y0&ab_channel=SonarSystems


It's one of the few channels that I'm aware of.


About Community


Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform. For more information, please see our Cookie Notice and our Privacy Policy .
