Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



How to get bot lobbies in Warzone 2


February 8, 2023: Want easier lobbies ahead of Season Two? Follow these tips and tricks to give you the upper hand.


The Warzone 2 cycle is well underway and players are looking at how to get Warzone 2 bot lobbies. Skill-based matchmaking (SBMM) is present in the battle royale leaving some looking for ways to enter matches containing easier players.


Bot lobbies are filled with players with a low K/D ratio and those that haven't spent a lot of time playing the game. Joining bot lobbies might not be a fair tactic but there are plenty of high K/D players wanting to score plenty of kills over the course of a match.


Before we take a closer look at Warzone 2 bot lobbies, check out our guides showcasing our early thoughts on the Warzone 2 meta and a closer look at the Warzone 2 map.


Warzone 2 bot lobbies explained


Little is known about Warzone 2 bot lobbies but there's plenty of information on how they work from the first iteration of the game. Perhaps the most familiar way of accessing a bot lobby involves reverse boosting.


Several players deliberately bring their game to an early end to change their K/D ratio in order to enter the bot lobbies. It's a simple process but frowned upon by the majority of the community.


Warzone 2 VPN lobbies


Another way players attempt to access bot lobbies is through a VPN. Using a VPN allows players to select their location meaning they can avoid encountering high-skilled players based in Europe and North America.


Like reverse boosting, using a VPN is frowned upon by the community but it means you may find yourself scoring a huge number of kills worthy of a world record.


Is it worth using a Warzone 2 VPN?


Some may want to use a VPN in a bid to gain an advantage over the opposition but beating players with ease is far less enjoyable than managing to be the last one standing in a lobby full of skilled shooters.


If you're really struggling to score wins, it might be worth using a VPN but if you're more than capable of taking a trip to the winner's circle, it's best to avoid them and carry on playing the game as intended.


Warzone 2 season 1 start date


The first season of Warzone 2 begins as soon as the game launches on November 16. This means you can get your hands on the battle pass, new weapons, and much more as soon as you load in.


That's everything there is to know about Warzone 2 bot lobbies. For more, check out our early predictions for the best Warzone 2 SMG and all the intel on upcoming Warzone 2 double XP events.


Gfinity Esports is supported by its audience. When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Learn more. Looking for specific products? Visit Stockinformer.co.uk / stockinformer.com.


How to get in bot lobbies in warzone


Read this Call of Duty: Modern Warfare (CoD: MW) & Warzone guide on how to easily set up an offline bot matches! Learn how to set up Bot Lobby, how to play with bots & get better.


How to Set Up a Bot Match For Modern Warfare


How to Start a Private Bot Match Lobby


Head on over to the Multiplayer lobby where you will get the options to select a Playlist. Choose the " Private Match, Trials & Gamebattle " tab at the bottom of the playlist.


Select Custom Games


Once you've clicked on a tab, a new screen will pop up, asking you to choose between Custom Games, Trials, or Gamebattles. For Bot Matches, click on Custom Games .


Set Up Bots At "Game Setup"


Once you're in the Custom Games lobby, you can then customize the bots in the Bot Setup Tab in the Game Setup menu . Map, Game Mode, & Game Rules can also be edited here.


Edit Map, Game Mode & Rules To Your Liking


In the Game Setup menu, don't forget to tweak the map, game modes & Game Rules to maximize your practice or testing session. We recommend choosing a smaller map so there's plenty of target encounter, increase the match time limit and turn on "Skip infil" to save time when starting matches.


Customize Bot Number & Behavior


In the Bot Setup Tab, you can change the number of teammate and enemy bots and their behavior. The amount of bots you can add depend on the game mode you'll be playing, but the most is 11 . You can also increase or decrease the difficulty.


Bot Difficulty Settings


How to Set Up Bot Match For Warzone


Warzone Bots Matches Are Far More Restrictive


Warzone Bot matches are far more restrictive than Modern Warfare core modes. In fact, you cannot tweak anything at all as the Warzone's bot only match is more of a byproduct of training mode than a real Bot Match game .


Things You Can't Tweak In Warzone Only Bot Matches


How To Set Up Matches With Bot For Warzone


Go to the Warzone lobby and click on the bottom playlist "Practice Modes & Trials". This will bring you to another menu.


Choose "Battle Royal Practice"


Click on the " Battle Royal Practice " to begin a match against bots in a controlled Battle Royale round. Here, you'll play a mock match of Battle Royale against AI opponents all at each other's throats. The Bot AI is somewhat easier than normal.


A Restricted Smaller Map With Situational Bot Opponents


Battle Royal Practice is a restricted practice match against bots where you'll encounter circle collapse, free-for-all battle play and even contracts. It is always the same map where the match is fought on and all bots will kill each other, making it a mixed experience at best for bot matches.


Spawn With An X16


Similar to a game of Battle Royale, you get to spawn in with just an X16 Handgun . However, if you want to swap attachments or loadout mid-match, you'll still need to buy a Loadout Drop.


What are Bot Matches?


Fight Against Enemy AI in Multiplayer Modes


Bots are computer-controlled opponents that you can fight with or against. They follow a pre-determined algorithm to determine their behavior which varies by your settings & circumstances. They are great for target practice & gun, map training.


Can Only Add Bots To Specific Game Modes


Not all game modes can be played with Bots. There's only a select few that you can set up where you can play with Bots instead of other players.


Game Modes That Can Be Played With Bots


Does Not Add XP Or Unlock Gear


You won't be able to gain XP or unlock new weapons or attachments when playing against bots. Matches with bots are not considered multiplayer after all.


Great For Practicing, Trying Out Loadouts


Playing in matches with bots is a good way to practice and try out new loadouts before going into multiplayer matches. It's also a great way to familiarize with maps.
