Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Crush Crush Cheat Engine | Characters, Diamonds + Coins Hack


This page contains information on how to hack in Crush Crush using Cheat Engine


Crush Crush is an Idle Dating Simulator Game, and as we all know, idle games can get quite boring. This Crush Crush Hack Guide will explain how to use Cheat Engine to mod Crush Crush PC Edition.


How to Hack in Crush Crush Using Cheat Engine


The Crush Crush hack guide we use in this article is very similar to the one used in our Stellaris Cheat Engine Guide; the difference is that it works for Crush Crush instead.


How to Use Cheat Engine on Crush Crush


To start cheating in Crush Crush using Cheat Engine, simultaneously open the game itself, along with Cheat Engine. Now in Cheat Engine, go to the “Process List” tab (found in the top-left) and select CrushCrush.exe from the list of processes.


Once you have selected the game, click the “Pause the game while scanning” button. Next, choose the “Exact Value” button, then select “Unknown initial value” from the drop-down menu. Tab back into the game and note the number of diamonds you’ve got, then enter it in Cheat Engine and finally select “First Scan”.


Once you have done that, tab back into Crush Crush and, through any means, change the number of diamonds you have by either spending them or gaining them. Return to Cheat Engine and enter the updated value of diamonds you have in the “Exact Value” field; with that being done, click “Next Scan” and repeat the process of going back and forth between the game and Cheat Engine, adjusting how many diamonds until you have a small number of remaining values left in the “Address” box (the box in the left of Cheat Engine).


Next, select all the remaining addresses by clicking on one of them, then press Control+A (Windows) or CMD+A (macOS). While holding Shift, double-click the left mouse button. Right-click on the address that you just added to the bottom box, and left-click on the address’s value within the same box, located beneath the “Value” column. Change the value to your desired amount, and you have now successfully hacked Crush Crush using Cheat Engine.


Crush Crush PC Cheats Video Tutorial


Suppose you didn’t completely understand the steps above. In that case, you could watch the video (located below), which shows you how to hack into Crush Crush using Cheat Engine.


Disclaimer: NeuralGamer.com ONLY supports the Steam version of Crush Crush; that’s SFW. At no time are we suggesting or relating any of this content to any other version of the game, especially if it is NSFW.


How Do You Get Free Diamonds on Crush Crush?


Players looking to get free diamonds within Crush Crush should use the hacking tool Cheat Engine; this software makes to possible for you to modify the game’s code and change certain values, such as the number of diamonds you have. The process of hacking Crush Crush using Cheat Engine is relatively straightforward, and we explain it above.


Crush Crush Cheat Codes List


Accomplishing in-game achievements in Crush Crush can be difficult, but with cheat codes it’s a piece of cake! Try these codes to unlock special achievements: CCNA, EESH, and YKM. Each code has a unique ability that you can use to your advantage in the game. getting the high score will be no sweat!


Cheat engine nutaku


Maybe don't use immoral methods that could get you banned.


Maybe don't force people to pay absurd paywalls to see Mediocre and poorly animated Hentai?


Ive only been playing since about Christmas and I already have karma and sutra unlocked, and all Ive done was use the free gems I've gotten, use an auto clicker, and use a Google play 10 dollar gift card


You cant use cheat engine on the browser games as far as I know


About Community


Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform. For more information, please see our Cookie Notice and our Privacy Policy .
