Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



How to recover a Facebook account


If you are having trouble logging in to your Facebook account, this can mean a lot of things: your account could have been deactivated, hacked or maybe you simply forgot your password or email address associated with your account.


How to recover Facebook account?


With your email address or phone number


To recover your account by using your email address or phone number, go to the Facebook home page and under the password field click on Forgotten account? and type the email address or phone number associated with your Facebook account.


If Facebook recognised your profile automatically, all you’ll have to do is to reset your password with a confirmation code. Choose whether you want to receive a confirmation code on your email address or telephone number. Select the desired method and press Continue.


When you receive a code, insert it into the Enter the Code tab and click Continue. Now, you can change your Facebook password and reactivate your account.


If Facebook didn’t recognize your profile go to the Facebook Recover page, enter your Facebook email address or phone number to identify your account. Then, follow the instructions above to recover the password and regain access to your account.


If your contact details have changed


In the event that you changed the email address or phone number associated with your Facebook account, the procedure of recovery will take a bit more time and effort.


When you have found your account, but don’t have access to your email address or phone number, click on No longer have access to these? at the bottom of the pop-up window.


By following the Facebook instructions, enter your current phone number or email address/ and click Continue, so Facebook can get in touch with you.


Next, click on Reveal my trusted contacts (close friends that can confirm your identity) and type the full name of your chosen contact. If you have written it correctly, Facebook will show you the list of all your trusted contacts and you can contact them to obtain three security codes.


If all has gone well, all you have to do is to create your new password and link your Facebook account to a new telephone number or email address.


With Facebook Support Contacts


If you still haven’t managed to recover your Facebook account, go to Facebook Support page, upload a JPEG photo of your ID or passport, email address, or phone number that was associated with your Facebook account before, and click on Send.


Note If you no longer have access to your email address or phone number, report the situation to security@facebookmail.com and wait for Facebook security and support teams to resolve your problem.


What to do if your account has been hacked?


If your account has been hacked, the hacker probably changed your password so you can’t sign in. The good news is that you can still recover it with your old password.


First of all, report that your account has been hacked, and select My Account Is Compromised. Then, you will be able to use your old password to log in and change it.


Note: To secure your account, use complicated passwords, try password manager apps, and get used to a two-step authentification process.


What we do


We lead the UK's fight to cut serious and organised crime. NCA officers work at the forefront of law enforcement, building the best possible intelligence picture of serious and organised crime threats, relentlessly pursuing the most serious and dangerous offenders and developing and delivering specialist capabilities on behalf of law enforcement and other partners.


Genesis Market: How to check if you have been targeted and protect yourself


An international operation involving the National Crime Agency has taken down one of the biggest online marketplaces selling stolen credentials to criminals worldwide.


The activity, led by the FBI and Dutch National Police and supported by 16 countries, saw Genesis Market taken offline yesterday (April 4).


Genesis Market was a go-to service for criminals seeking to defraud victims, having hosted approximately 80 million credentials and digital fingerprints stolen from more than two million people.


As part of the investigation, the NCA identified hundreds of UK-based users of the platform and information was passed to policing partners across the country. This resulted in 31 warrants being executed yesterday and this morning in coordinated raids by the NCA, Regional Cyber Crime Units and police forces.


You can read more about the operation on our news page.


How to check if you have been targeted by criminals using Genesis Market and protect your data from being compromised


Take action using the following steps in order to find out if your devices and/or accounts have been compromised and to protect yourself from future attacks.


Step 1: Identify whether your data has be compromised and accessed by criminals on Genesis Market:


- Check Your Hack is a certified website run by the Dutch National Police (Politie) who were key partners in the Genesis Market investigation. Visit Check Your Hack and input your email address to find out if your data has been compromised and from which platform(s).


[If your data has not been compromised, go straight to Step 3 for advice on how to protect your devices and accounts].


Step 2: Check if your device and/or online accounts have been compromised and recover an infected device:


- Signs of infection can include a slow running device that is rebooting by itself or pop-up boxes from programs you don’t recognise that may ask you to do unexpected things.


- If you suspect your PC, tablet or phone has been infected with a virus or malware, follow the NCSC guidance to remove the infection and restore your device.


Check for and recover a hacked account:


- Check your online accounts to see if there has been any unauthorised activity, such as attempted log ins from strange locations, messages sent from your account or money transfers you don’t recognise.


- If your online accounts have been compromised, the following NCSC guidance explains what you can do and how you can recover a hacked account and regain access.


[If your data or accounts have been compromised, follow the guidance in Step 5 below to report the crime].


Step 3: Secure your devices against cyber attacks


- Ensure your computer and mobile devices always have the latest security updates installed where possible.


- Apply updates as soon as they are available, do not ignore these prompts. Turn on ‘automatic updates’ in your device’s settings, if available.


Step 4: Protect your online accounts from future compromise by criminals 


- Use three random words to create a strong password for each of your online accounts that’s different to all your other passwords, to prevent criminals accessing your personal information.


- Your online accounts, such as your email, contain a lot of information about you that criminals can use to scam you or people you know. This includes personal, but not sensitive, information that can be used to build trust, like the names of family or friends, who you bank with, and where you tend to shop online.


- Always use 2-step verification (2SV) where possible to protect your most important online accounts. It helps to keep criminals out of your online accounts, even if they know your passwords. If 2SV is available for your account, you’re usually prompted to set it up. Alternatively, the option to switch it on is usually found in security settings.


- Use your browser’s password manager to safely store passwords. Password managers are easy to use, hard to crack and will save you from having to memorise your passwords. Web browsers will offer you the opportunity to save your password when you log into an account.


More advice and guidance on how to protect your accounts and secure specific devices can be found at www.ncsc.gov.uk/cyberaware


Step 5: Report 


- If your data has been comprised or accessed by criminals on Genesis or if you have fallen victim to fraud or cyber crime more generally, report it any time to Action Fraud. If you are reporting as a victim of Genesis, quote the word ‘Genesis’ in the ‘Additional information’ box on the Action Fraud site, or when peaking to the Police.


- In Scotland, report it to Police Scotland by calling 101. If you are a victim of fraud, you should also report it to your bank.


- If a law enforcement officer contacts you in relation to a suspected fraud, you can verify their identity by calling the police on 101 or the NCA Control Centre on 0370 496 7622.


- If you’ve received a suspicious email, forward it to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. to help stop criminal activity and prevent others falling victim to scams.
