Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Nishiki


This page does not include any inline citations. Please help contribute by editing the page and including proper citations. This notice may be removed once the proper citations are added.


Nishiki


General Information


Owner


RC Type


Rating


Stages


Playstyle


Price


Yen Price


Robux Price


Nishiki is a balanced kagune in damage, speed, and defense, making it an example of the bikaku RC-type in Tokyo Ghoul. The kagune is strictly close-range with some stages possessing moves to assist in fighting at such a range. Its general appearance is similar to a serpent's tail The kagune is one of the starting kagunes in the game, the other three being Kaneki, Touka, and Tsukiyama.


Contents


Trivia



  
The kagune is the first-ever in-game to have an original creation to it despite the actual kagune being canon to the Tokyo Ghoul universe.

  
Stage 1 is the first weapon in-game to branch away from the normal style of combat (this new style described as "M1 Combat" by the developer).




Stages


The Nishiki kagune has three stages in-game, with one of them being an incomplete kakuja.


Stage 1


Stage 1 takes the shape of a serpentine tail sprouting from where the tailbone would be. The tail warps around the user's right leg and points out in front of them.


Moves

 Keybind Description Cooldown GIF  Click The user kicks with their right leg and jabs their kagune at the enemy with an occasional spin that swings their kagune in front of them. This move is aimed in the direction the user's camera is facing. N/A  E The user spins and swings their kagune in front of them, smacking any target in front of them. Targets smacked by the move are knocked by a small distance but are not stunned. This move is aimed in the direction the user's camera is facing. 2.0 seconds  R The user performs a barrel roll forwards in the direction the user's camera is facing. Performing this move makes the user untargettable for a brief period. 1.5 seconds  F The user leaps forwards into the air and performs a flip where they slam their bikaku tail onto the ground below them and dealing damage to any entity caught in-range. This move is aimed in the direction the user's camera is facing. 2.0 seconds 

Stage 2


This stage of the kagune is almost twice as large as the first stage. The moves are similar to Stage 1 but can reach longer ranges due to the size of the kagune. The tail in this form is more thick and solid, giving the impression that the kagune is sturdier than before. The tail still sports the usual prong of the first stage and the veins appear to pulse from time to time, nearly muting the other color.


Moves

 Keybind Description GIF  Click The user's kagune reaches over their shoulders and attacks in front of them, curving before returning to its original position.  E The user reaches the kagune outwards and draws it in. Entities hit by the move are damaged and are drawn toward the user.  R The user jumps forward a small distance and stabs downward with the kagune, creating a shockwave.  F The user jumps into the air and spins their body around before slamming their kagune below them, dealing damage to entities caught in the path. This stage performs faster than Stage 1, but deals slightly less damage. 

Stage 3


The following content is considered an original creation.


This stage is an incomplete kakuja and gives the user a kakuja mask that covers their entire face. In this stage, the tail becomes riddled with multiple smaller tendrils that move in unison with the primary limb that supports them. The mask is the user's secondary color. The user will experience hallucinations and manifestations of the memories of the previous owner, Nishiki Nishio, and the screen will shake. The user is also slouched over, taking a stance similar to the first stage of Kaneki's incomplete centipede kakuja.


Moves

 Keybind Description GIF  Click The user reaches their kagune outwards from the side or overhead and stabs forward, alternating between the left and right sides.  E The user brings down the tail from over their head and slams the ground, briefly stunning entities hit.  R The user curls the tail towards them before unfurling it outwards in a strong, swiping motion. Entities hit by the move are pushed away from the user.  F The user leaps in the air to a decent height and travels forward a medium distance, performing a flip and slamming the mass of their tail down below. This deals massive damage. 

Gallery

 Ro-Ghoul Wiki  Information  Updates • Codes • Gamepasses • Ghoul • CCG • Yen • RC Cells • Reputation • Focus • Category:Locations • NPC • Bosses • Trainers • Masks • Colors • Commands • King of the Hill  Locations  Anteiku • Mask Shop • Arena • Kamii University • Kakuhou Surgeon • Stadium • Parking Lots • Market • Cargo Base • Radio Tower • Parking Garage • Construction Site • CCG Tower • CCG Lab • Park • Gas Station • Train Tracks • Mister's Warehouse • Storefront  Kagunes  Kakuja • Kaneki • Touka • Nishiki • Tsukiyama • Hinami • Eto • Noro • Yamori • Takizawa • Kosshi • Tatara • Lycan • Kakujira • Renji Yomo  Quinques  C-Katana • Eyepatch • Clipped Wing • Doujima • 13's Jason • Demon Yamada • IXA • Narukami • T-Human • Rotten Follow • Kura • Scorpion 1/56 • Kajiri • Kaika • Ginkui • SSS Owl • Higher Mind • Reaper • Arata  Quinx  Haise Sasaki • Kuki Urie • Saiko Yonebayashi • Tooru Mutsuki • Ginshi Shirazu  Specials  Sacrifice • Skyfall • Ejector • Spear • Concussor  Policies  Manual of Style • Minimum Age • Rules • Staffing Opportunities 

How to get rc in ro ghoul


Since Roblox is such a huge platform, there are titles out there dedicated to practically every conceivable franchise out there. Ro Ghoul is one such game, and it is based on the popular manga and anime series Tokyo Ghoul. In the Tokyo Ghoul universe, there are Ghouls – seemingly ordinary humans, but are actually enhanced beings with the ability to heal prey and eat humans. In Ro Ghoul, you’ll be able to take on the role of one of these Ghouls, or a member of the CCG, an organization that opposes them. Of course, like many other Roblox games, Ro-Ghoul also has special codes that you can use to make your game a little easier. In this Ro Ghoul Roblox Code January 2022 tutorial, we’ll list all the codes, as well as explain how to redeem them.


Code for Ro Ghoul Roblox January 2022


Before we list out the codes, a quick disclaimer first. These codes depend on the developer of Ro Ghoul. Only they can enable or disable these codes, as well as add new codes. Meaning – if a particular code doesn’t work anymore, there’s really nothing we can do about it. And with that, let’s see what codes are currently available:



  
! Code ANNIVERSARY-2 – When redeeming, you will get 2,020,000 RC and 2,020,000 yen.

  
! Code 1M FAVS – When redeeming, you will get 1,00,000 RC and 1,00,000 yen.

  
! Code HNY2020 – When you redeem, you will get 500,000 RC and 500,000 yen.

  
! Code 500MV – When you redeem, you will get 500,000 RC and 500,000 yen.

  
! Sub2Sky1Ms . Code – When you redeem, you will get 50,000 yen.

  
! Code Sub2Roball – When you redeem, you will get 50,000 yen.

  
! Code Sub2Axiore – When you redeem, you will get 50,000 yen.

  
! Code Sub2OrdinaryPotato – When you redeem, you will get 50,000 yen.

  
! Code Sub2ibemaine – When you redeem, you will get 50,000 yen.

  
! Code Sub22KMz – When you redeem, you will get 50,000 yen.

  
! Code Sub2xAomSakarin – When you redeem, you will get 50,000 yen.

  
! Code Sub2Sagee4 – When you redeem, you will get 50,000 yen.

  
! Sub2EDITTY code – When you redeem, you will get 50,000 yen.

  
! Code Sub2GoldenOwl – When you redeem, you will get 50,000 yen.

  
! Sub2Praveen Code – When you redeem, you will get 50,000 yen.

  
! Code Sub2Roball – When you redeem, you will get 50,000 yen.

  
! TrafMask – When redeeming, you will receive a mask.

  
! ibemask – When redeeming, you will receive a mask.

  
! RobballMask – When redeeming, you will receive a mask.

  
! Roziku – When redeeming, you will receive green hair.




How to redeem a Ro Ghoul mã code


First, go to Ro-Ghoul Roblox official site and start the game. Open the in-game chat function by pressing the “/” button on your keyboard. Copy the codes from our tutorial and then paste them there. Press Enter. A bubble will appear above your character, confirming that you have successfully redeemed the code.
