Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



How to Hack


This article was co-authored by wikiHow staff writer, Travis Boylls. Travis Boylls is a Technology Writer and Editor for wikiHow. Travis has experience writing technology-related articles, providing software customer service, and in graphic design. He specializes in Windows, macOS, Android, iOS, and Linux platforms. He studied graphic design at Pikes Peak Community College.


There are 7 references cited in this article, which can be found at the bottom of the page.


This article has been viewed 10,702,528 times.


In popular media, hackers are often portrayed as villainous characters who illegally gain access to computer systems and networks. In truth, a hacker is simply someone who has a vast understanding of computer systems and networks. Some hackers (called black hats) do indeed use their skills for illegal and unethical purposes. Others do it for the challenge. White hat hackers use their skills to solve problems and strengthen security systems.These hackers use their skills to catch criminals and to fix vulnerabilities in security systems. Even if you have no intention of hacking, it's good to know how hackers operate to avoid becoming a target. If you're ready to dive in and learn the art, this wikiHow teaches you a few tips to help you get started.


How Do I Hack Someone’s Account? How Do I Hack My Own?


Hacking into someone’s account may seem like an answer to a problem. In reality, all it does is open a much larger can of worms and put you at more risk.


I think my boyfriend/girlfriend/spouse is cheating on me. I want to hack into their email/WhatsApp/Facebook/other account and find out what he/she/they is doing behind my back. Can you help me?


Can you get me the password for *****@hotmail.com/yahoo.com/facebook.com? This person’s been saying really bad things about me and I want to hack in and teach him/her/them a lesson.


I’ve lost the password for *****@hotmail.com. Could you please find it and send it to *****@hotmail.com? It’s really my account. Honest.


A family member has passed away, and I’d like to retrieve whatever was in his/her/their email account before it gets deleted for lack of use. But I don’t have the password. Can you get it for me?


These are oversimplifications of many variations on the same basic question.


People want to hack into other people’s accounts, or even their own, for a variety of reasons. Some sound perfectly legitimate. Others, not so much. And others are just blatant attempts at theft, harassment, or revenge.


What’s really scary is that I get these requests every day.


My answer is always the same.


Hacking into an account is wrong, and is never the answer. To retain access to your own accounts, secure them to keep from losing them, and add recovery information to get back in if you do. Keep the recovery information up to date. Back up the information in your account so as to never lose anything, and consider a paid account with real support for when problems arise.


No. Just … no



  
I cannot and will not retrieve a password for you.

  
I cannot and will not hack an account for you.

  
I cannot and will not help you hack some account.




I have many reasons for taking this position, but the biggest reason is very simple:


Hacking into someone else’s account without their permission is wrong. 


Why not?



  
It’s unethical.

  
It’s very likely illegal.

  
It’s almost certainly immoral.

  
It destroys trust.

  
Revenge is stupid and childish.

  
You could be lying to me.

  
I literally don’t have the ability to do it.




Legitimate requests


What if you have a legitimate need?


I don’t have access to what I need to prove you have the right to access the account. I don’t have the technology to get or set your password. Only the service does. Only Microsoft can reset a Microsoft account password; only Google can do it for Google accounts; only Facebook can do it for Facebook. You get the idea.


Go to the service in question, and only the service in question, for account recovery options.


Legitimate requests with no available support


What if you have a legitimate request, but the service provides no means to act on it?


First: that’s typical for free services. All I can say is, you get what you pay for.


Second: if there is no supported way to get access, or the supported ways don’t work, you can’t get access to the account. Period. You are out of luck.


If you’re trying to hack back into your own account, you’ve probably lost the account forever. It’s no longer your account, or it never was in the first place.


Anyone who says they can reset or retrieve your password or hack into someone else’s account for you should not be trusted.


In extreme cases, the service you’re attempting to get into may listen to lawyers and officers of the court, if you have the legal standing and can afford to go that route. You might try that approach if you think it’s worth it.


The real solutions



  
Secure your own account to keep it from getting hacked.

  
Add recovery information so you can get back in if it does, and keep the recovery information up to date.

  
Back up the information in your account so you won’t lose anything if you do lose the account.

  
Consider a paid account with real support for when problems arise.




Hacking is never the answer


Be it your account or someone else’s, hacking is never the answer.


And don’t bother asking me.


A note on comments


Because of the subject matter, this article attracts comment spam from individuals offering their “hacking services”. We proactively remove those comments within 24-48 hours, but if you see such a comment, ignore it. Chances are it’s a scam. Even if it isn’t, it’s unethical and illegal.


Do this


Subscribe to Confident Computing! Less frustration and more confidence, solutions, answers, and tips in your inbox every week.


Podcast audio


Related Video


Leo Who?


I'm Leo Notenboom and I've been playing with computers since I took a required programming class in 1976. I spent over 18 years as a software engineer at Microsoft, and "retired" in 2001. I started Ask Leo! in 2003 as a place to help you find answers and become more confident using all this amazing technology at our fingertips. More about Leo.


39 comments on “How Do I Hack Someone’s Account? How Do I Hack My Own?”


My main computer downloads all my email using gmail’s POP3 server and archives it on my local hard drive. I also leave it on the gmail servers. I also have several other computers and a smartphone that get my mail using gmail’s IMAP server. So if something happened to me, my family should be able to get into my email.


I am a member of a social anxiety forum and I actually saw a thread where someone was boasting of hacking into her bully’s Facebook and Twitter accounts. She had intended to delete the data from these accounts and generally ruin the bully’s life. There were other members egging her on and encouraging her to do damage to the accounts. I stepped in and told her that what she was doing was illegal and that she could get into trouble with the law if she was reported. She did not seem to be at all concerned with her behaviour and was not worried about getting found out about it. A moderator then locked the thread on the basis that it was encouraging illegal activity.


You are right. At that point she becomes the bully.


I checked her profile out again recently and she has a few posts from earlier this year, so I guess nothing will really happen to her. I am just speculating, here.


I have been reading you for what seems like many years. I just saw the one about “How can I hack into someone’s account” and of course I agree wholeheartedly with your response. This is just a comment or story for you. My wife’s younger brother just passed away after 10 years of being housebound due to arthritis and other illnesses. During this time he bought a lot of electronic gear including probably 5 computers and 5 guitars, TV’s etc. When we went to the funeral his wife was offering us all kinds of stuff including iPads etc. He had new laptops and tablets still in the boxes. Even a flatscreen TV!! I think he must have had lots of money and she said he was adicted to the shopping channel. We would not take anything because we feel she needs time to think about what she is doing. But another relative did accept a new laptop. The deceased had used a thumbprint to lock the laptops he had. So now his brother has a new laptop which he desperately needed but can’t get into. I’m sure he can take it to a professional and have it unlocked. But if I were to put myself in that position, I don’t think I would want to see another persons personal life in their laptop. I feel like I would be invading their privacy even though they are dead. The thumbprint was there for a reason. Just my feeling.
Thanks for all the great tips over the years and please keep it up.


In a case like that, I’d do a fresh OS installation. There are ways to change the password and get in in many cases but who knows if there is any malware on the machine. If you do want to get in to see their information, for example, valuable photos. See this article for resetting Windows passwords.
How Do I Get the Password for a Computer I Purchased at a Garage Sale?


There is this youtube video that shows you how to get password from certain porn site. To get it clear no i have no meaning in hacking or anything, i am just being curious. Can someone really hack porn site if they know their password and get all the logs? Is it that easy?


No, it’s not that easy, as long as the site (any site – there’s nothing special about porn sites) has appropriate security.


I wanna log into an old account from grade school and I remember my username not my password and its killing me iv tried every combination i can think of idk what to do tho?


If there’s no “I forgot my password” link associated with an email address you currently have control over, then the only think I can think of is to contact the school.


Holy crap !! After reading this very good article by Leo, and then reading the comments here, I just can’t believe the requests for the info that Leo stated that he cannot, or will not provide. This news letter is a learning tool, and it is obvious that a lot of people still refuse to learn. Sad.


You should have seen the ones we deleted :-)


While going through the comments today, I found and spammed a hacking offer. We seem to get one or two daily on various articles. “Chances are it’s a scam. Even if it isn’t, it’s at least unethical, and probably illegal.” Chances are exactly 100% from my experience :-(


My wife and I have a lot of passwords in a shared LastPass folder so if need be, can get into each other’s account. We’ve also setup LastPass emergency access on each other’s account with 12 hour windows.


I lost my Yahoo Mail account when my ISP dumped Yahoo in favor of AOL. The instructions for transferring emails to AOL were very easy, just click a button and everything would move over. And indeed it did work. The emails in inbox and the older ones that had been sorted into files were received. I notified my correspondents of the change of address. So far so good.


What they neglected to mention was that they had made no provision for emails that arrived afterwards and that the operation of transferring the existing emails permanently locked you out of your account. On the Yahoo site I was able to see a count of emails being received without any ability to do anything about it. Before clicking that button you were supposed to set up forwarding with Yahoo but AOL did not bother to mention that. And since my Yahoo Mail account was paid for through my ISP there was no support to contact.


I’d very much like to meet a hacker who could show me how to hack into my old Yahoo account just to set up forwarding and retrieve the dozens of emails that have arrived since I was locked out.


If you find a hacker who offers to do that for you, I guarantee he is a charlatan who will steal your money or worse, hack your computer and/or accounts.


Yes, thank you Mark, I understand that. Just wishful thinking. Great article. ;)


Be careful what you wish for. I answered it that was, because there is so much spam offering to hack accounts, I want to take to opportunity to warn anyone reading this that these offers to hack are a scam.


It’s rare to the point of nonexistent to find a hacker who can hack email accounts, Facebook, or other major websites. If it were possible, you’d read about massive hacking of those sites all the time. Everyone who has their accounts hacked are either hacked by people they know who have access to their devices or know enough to guess their passwords, or people who use short or easily guessable passwords.


We are constantly deleting comments on articles which offer to hack. It’s one of the most common kinds of forum spam. I’m just warning anyone who might see those comments that they are scams.


Definitely Mark. Two more “offers” were just deleted out of this post. So it only depends on how fast we get to deleting them. Don’t ever answer to things like that!


I just caught another two today. The English was horrific. One began:
“My wife was so smooth at hiding his infidelity so I had no proof for months,”
Unless he was misgendering his transgender wife?


In the Gmail settings you can set up someone who will get a notice if you do not access your account for three months. It will give that person full access to your account so that they can download your email, etc. When they finish, the account will either be deleted or can be deleted, I forget which. I set that up a while ago, when prompted to do so by the Google Security Review. I think this is a good idea and should relieve some of the genuine anxieties out there. Just be sure to update this if you change executors.


I’m old enough now to have dealt several times with getting into the computer(s) of people who died.


It’s an interesting, if emotional, puzzle.


Just last month I helped a friend whose wife died leaving a locked iPhone, two iPads, and a laptop.


Fortunately he remembered her main email account password. With just that account I was able to reset passwords for other accounts including the Apple ID.


The toughest was the iPhone which had been locked after too many failed passcode attempts. Fortunately there had been an iCloud backup and once I recovered the Apple ID I was able to restore it.


Having the iPhone working let me get into other accounts that used two-factor authentication.


As part of all this I gained access to her Facebook account and assigned myself as the legacy contact. [I then requested “Memorialization” where Facebook changes the page to be “In Memory Of…”]


Out of this I realize how important it is to ensure that SOMEONE knows enough to get into your accounts.


I turn 70 at my next birthday and this is an issue for more and more people I know.


People give out a house key to certain trusted individuals; child, friend, neighbor, even the cleaning lady. Even if you have backups, why not give a copy of userids and passwords (and security questions) to a trusted individual? I suppose you could keep one email account a secret if you have some reason to do that.


If you trust people with a key to your house, why not trust them with a password?


This is what I have done. Create a document which is kept in a safe place, but where a family member can find it. Contains key info to access my PCs, my online accounts and my financial accounts, including how top gain physical access to my safe deposit box. If kept confidential by all parties, such documents can help preserve access if something happens where I can’t tell people how to get in. This should be part of a Will or Last Wishes document for every family member, but no one else seems to have done this in my family. My Dad had a little black book, but his was the last generation to keep a hard copy.


On a related subject … and if this is too off-topic feel free to remove it … I learned that on a major site, a very technically proficient … (your comment that revenge is stupid, childish and unethical applies here) very bright individual whom I never thought would be capable of something like this, got mixed up in a group dispute. They obtained a lot of personal information of someone whose screen name was only their first name and given location was a large city. They were able to get their address, phone #, name of ex-spouse, location of employment, name of parents and were disseminating this information in private chatrooms. Upon this being made public, massive reporting did not cause the service to suspend their account! I still cannot understand that, nor how they were able to get all that from just a first name and city! I find that very concerning.


How to Hack Gmail


wikiHow is a “wiki,” similar to Wikipedia, which means that many of our articles are co-written by multiple authors. To create this article, 125 people, some anonymous, worked to edit and improve it over time.


This article has been viewed 5,028,286 times.


Want to test the security of a Gmail account? Whether you want to hack your own or someone else's Gmail account (with permission, of course), you have several tools at your disposal. This wikiHow article will teach you how to use tools like keyloggers, packet sniffers, and your web browser's own password manager to break into a Gmail address. Keep in mind that hacking into someone else's email account is unethical and illegal in most regions, so do so at your own risk.


Managing Your Expectations


Understand the limitations. Gmail is an incredibly secure service. The only way you'll be able to "hack" into someone's account is by stealing their password. If your target has two-factor authentication, you'll need their mobile device as well. There is no other way around two-factor authentication.


Understand the legality. It is absolutely illegal in most areas to access someone's email account without authorization. This article is for educational purposes only.


Using a Keylogger



  
Actual Keylogger

  
Spyrix Free Keylogger

  
BlackBox Express

  
KidLogger

  
NetBull

  
Lola





  
The process for installing the keylogger varies depending on the program you are using.

  
Installing a keylogger without the other person knowing is illegal.




Start the keylogger service. Start the service so that it begins recording keystrokes. The process for this will vary depending on the program you are using. You may have to configure the program to record keys if it has multiple functions.


Let the keylogger run while the target uses the computer. The keylogger will likely capture a lot of information. You can filter based on the window that the user is typing in.



  
If the keylogger doesn't send you the logs via email, you'll need to access the program on the computer you installed it on to view them.




Using the Browser's Password Manager



  
Internet Explorer - Click the Gear button or the Tools menu and select "Internet Options." Click the "Content" tab and then click the "Settings" button in the AutoComplete section. Select "Manage Passwords" from the new window.

  
Chrome - Click the Chrome Menu button (☰) and select "Settings." Click the "Show advanced settings" link and then scroll to the "Passwords and forms" section. Click "Manage passwords."

  
Firefox - Click the Firefox Menu button (☰) and select "Options." Click the "Security" tab and then click "Saved Passwords."

  
Safari - Click the Safari menu and select "Preferences." Click the "Passwords" tab.




Find the password for your target's Google account. Use the search bar in the password manager to search for "google". This is the quickest way to narrow down the list of passwords. Look for the "accounts.google.com" entry for the target's Gmail address.


Display the password. Select the password and then click the "Show" or "Show Password" button. You may have to enter the administrator password for the computer before the passwords are displayed.


Write down the password and then close the password manager. Make note of the password as well as the exact Gmail address. Close the password manager when you are done to cover your tracks.



  
If the target has two-factor authentication activated, then you will need the code that is sent to their mobile device. There is no way around this if it is activated.




Using a Packet Sniffer



  
This method will not work if your target has encryption enabled (https://). This is enabled by default in Gmail, so its usefulness is limited. [1] X Research source

  
Using a packet sniffer on a public network to intercept traffic is illegal.





  
During installation, make sure to install the TShark component. This is essential for grabbing cookies over the wireless network. You will also need to install "WinPcap."





  
You will need to have Java 7 installed in order to use Cookie Cadger. You can download Java from java.com/download . See How to Install Java for more details.




Connect to the same wireless network your target is connected to. You will need to be connected to the same wireless network as your target. This means you'll need to be close.


Run Cookie Cadger and select your wireless adapter. Select the adapter connected to the wireless network from the drop-down menu. You should see the main frame populate with unsecured cookies from other people using the network.



  
Remember, this only works if the target is not using https. If their connection is secure, you will not be able to find the cookie.




Community Q&A


You could, but a large amount of social engineering would be required. You would have to get the user to install a keylogger as some other application.


Thanks! We're glad this was helpful. 
Thank you for your feedback. 
As a small thank you, we’d like to offer you a $30 gift card (valid at GoNift.com). Use it to try out great new products and services nationwide without paying full price—wine, food delivery, clothing and more. Enjoy! Claim Your Gift If wikiHow has helped you, please consider a small contribution to support us in helping more readers like you. We’re committed to providing the world with free how-to resources, and even $1 helps us in our mission. Support wikiHow


No, your phone will not get hacked. Just make sure to log out of the other Gmail account before making a new one.


Thanks! We're glad this was helpful. 
Thank you for your feedback. 
As a small thank you, we’d like to offer you a $30 gift card (valid at GoNift.com). Use it to try out great new products and services nationwide without paying full price—wine, food delivery, clothing and more. Enjoy! Claim Your Gift If wikiHow has helped you, please consider a small contribution to support us in helping more readers like you. We’re committed to providing the world with free how-to resources, and even $1 helps us in our mission. Support wikiHow


Thanks! We're glad this was helpful. 
Thank you for your feedback. 
As a small thank you, we’d like to offer you a $30 gift card (valid at GoNift.com). Use it to try out great new products and services nationwide without paying full price—wine, food delivery, clothing and more. Enjoy! Claim Your Gift If wikiHow has helped you, please consider a small contribution to support us in helping more readers like you. We’re committed to providing the world with free how-to resources, and even $1 helps us in our mission. Support wikiHow


Tips


You Might Also Like


About This Article


wikiHow is a “wiki,” similar to Wikipedia, which means that many of our articles are co-written by multiple authors. To create this article, 125 people, some anonymous, worked to edit and improve it over time. This article has been viewed 5,028,286 times.


You can learn how to hack your Gmail account to test its security or in case you have lost your password, but remember that hacking someone else’s account is illegal. One way to hack your Gmail is to open your password manager. Use the search bar in the password manager to search for “google.” Then, look for “accounts.google.com” to find the Gmail address. Select the password, then click the “Show” or the “Show Password” button. After you copy down the password, type it into your Gmail login page. If you have two-factor authentication activated, you’ll also need the code sent to your mobile phone to access the account. To learn how to use a Packet Sniffer to hack into your Gmail account, keep reading!
