Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Hunting Clash


Hunting Clash is a hunting game that takes you on a journey around the world in search of wild animals in their natural habitat. In this adventure, you'll start out the hunting season with a sniper prepared for any battle. Your goal is to sharpen your aim to shoot as precisely as possible. Hunt the most incredible creatures and become the best hunter in the world.


To catch your prey as quickly as possible and without wasting too much ammunition, you'll have to aim directly at your prey's heart. For bigger game, you'll have to aim precisely so you don't miss and you make sure you take it down with just one shot. Slide your finger carefully until you find the exact position for your shot to make the greatest impact. When you get close to the heart, you'll see a small circle that indicates the weakest spot.


In this game, you'll be immersed in all sorts of settings where you have to interact with your surroundings. The trees and bushes may make it hard to get a good shot, but if you're smart about your moves, you'll get good scores even in the most hostile environments. Wait until your prey reaches a good position and aim carefully to take it down swiftly.


Hunting Clash will force you to concentrate to the max. Stalk your prey and follow your instincts until you find the animal you want to hunt. Improve your weapons and make incredible combinations to get the best possible sniper to hunt down any animal in any situation. Sharpen your aim and show off your precision throughout this new hunting season.


Requirements (Latest version)


More information

 Package Name com.tensquaregames.hunting.clash.wild.hunter.deer  License Free  Op. System Android    Category Strategy  Language English

Hunting Clash Android


If you like realistic first-person shooters, you'll love this hunting simulator from the Ten Square Games studio. Note: if you like animals, maybe stay away from this one.


Hyper-realistic simulation


Hunting Clash is a three-dimensional hunting game with graphics so realistic that it might make the most sensitive players uncomfortable. This FPS is all about hunting innocent wild animals in their natural habitat and shooting them dead.


Prepare your weapon, travel to the hunting location with your phone and watch the wild animals in their natural habitat.
 


To look for prey we must be attentive to our senses. Once we have located the animal we want to kill, we have to move the virtual joystick to adjust the sight and shoot. The ideal is to aim at their heart to kill them with one shot and save bullets (and suffering).


We will be able to hunt in different locations around the world, such as forests, mountains or savannahs. In addition, it includes a lot of wild animals, such as foxes, rabbits, deer and even brown bears. On the other hand, we will be able to choose between different weapons, such as firearms or bows and arrows.


This is a game with wonderful graphics and audio. Nevertheless, the experience we get from downloading the APK file can be quite disturbing because of its premise and its realism, especially if we like animals.


Requirements and additional information:


With a degree in Law and Journalism, I specialized in criminology and cultural journalism. Mobile apps, especially Android apps, are one of my great passions. I have been testing dozens of apps every day for over six years now, discovering all.
