Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Project Makeover Game Play Online Free


When somebody needs your advice in beauty transformation, you can’t say no. That’s why you came to this famous salon and became its director and main stylist. But now you have lots of work and jealous people trying to make it terrible


Become the best stylist


One day you came to this salon and found sad workers wandering around. Turns out, their boss is an evil woman who makes every client cry by offending them. Suddenly, they offered you her position, and you agreed. So from this moment you will take the role of a director of this place. And that’s where your exciting game begins. But before you begin your important work, you need to take a look at yourself. You receive a character that you are able to change to look like you.


Purchase beautiful outfits and do stylish makeup and hairstyles to match your job. Don’t forget about a good house. Receive money and save it for the huge mansions all over the world, purchase them and do repairs. And join the club to share your experience with other players, help each other and discover all the gameplay opportunities.


Help your poor clients


Right when you begin playing, the first customer knocks on your door. She definitely needs your help. This girl just graduated from university, and wants to get her dream job. But her style is so bad, she certainly won’t get it. Begin from her hairstyle and face. Choose between different options and make her look suitable for the serious job. Then, it’s time for the clothes and accessories. Create her outfit from the top to bottom including bags and necklaces. And of course, you need to help her change her apartment.


Now it looks like the home for a messy student. But as she decided to grow up, she needed new furniture and decorations. After everything is done, she will thank you and begin her new life. But the new client is already waiting for your professional advice! And beware of the previous director. She will interrupt your work to make your customers look bad. Watch different scenes in special clips you unlock during the walkthrough.


Play three in a row and get money!


But to help these people, you need to complete different levels in this fascinating game. You all know this genre – search for the same shapes and change their places, so you will receive three and more of them in one row. Try to get many boosters to complete the level in a smaller amount of moves. Remember that moves are limited, and you have five lives you can spend.


After every successful game you receive money that you are able to spend on your own items and your clients and different secret boxes with prizes like new hats and bags, clothes or decorations. Every improvement for your customer’s appearance and their apartment costs a certain sum of coins. So to do your work and continue to play, you need to master your skills.


Become the professional stylist in Project Makeover, make your character the most stylish girl among all the users and enjoy your client’ smiles. Try it on pc and other devices and test all the versions on this site!


Project Makeover


Меняйте облик людей, чтобы помочь им осуществить свои мечты! Подбирайте модную одежду, прически, макияж и даже мебель! Вас ждут яркие персонажи: эгоцентричные модели, коварные ассистенты и упрямые клиенты, которым просто необходим новый гардероб. Проходите сложные головоломки на тему моды, чтобы найти идеальный образ! И не забудьте подчеркнуть собственный выдающийся стиль с помощью своего аватара!


ПОДБИРАЙТЕ модную одежду из множества предметов, чтобы создать идеальный образ!


ПРЕОБРАЗИТЕ непутевых клиентов и убедите их в том, что они способны достичь своей мечты!


МЕНЯЙТЕ не только внешний вид персонажей, но и их комнаты!


ДРАМА царит повсюду — будьте готовы встретиться с весьма эксцентричными личностями!


РЕШАЙТЕ увлекательные головоломки со сложными препятствиями!


СТИЛИЗУЙТЕ свой аватар, чтобы выделиться на красной ковровой дорожке!


ЗАГЛЯНИТЕ К ДРУЗЬЯМ и посмотрите, как они нарядили свой аватар!


ГРОМИТЕ уровни с помощью классных усилителей и взрывных бонусов!
