Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Free Valorant Skins


Are you looking for free Valorant skins? Then Loot Skins is the right website. We have the biggest collection of Valorant skins you can find on the internet.


Here we have the most comprehensive list of Valorant skins that you can add to your account instantaneously. All of the content you find on our website is free of charge, so the only thing left for you to do is to choose your favorite skin, and it will be sent to your account immediately.


What are skins?


One of the five cosmetic types you can find in Valorant is weapon skins. These items allow you to modify the appearance of the weapon in diverse ways. The effects can range from a plain recolor to something compound, like a dragon.


Where can you obtain weapon skins in Valorant?


As of now, Valorant has 332 weapon skins available.


It is possible to acquire skins via several means. The main way of getting one in your hands is to purchase them via the in-game store, but you can also obtain them for free when you complete an agent contract or a battle pass.


You can also purchase Valorant skins in the Night Market. Here you can find different offers than what you usually find in the store and bundles. The Night Market offers each player six unique offers for diverse skins, which only are available for a limited time.


However, this store extension isn’t permanent – it only appears a few times every certain period (which is different each time). The first time the Night Market appeared in Valorant was in December 2020.


Is it possible to get free weapon skins?


The game has a few ways to acquire free Valorant skins, such as completing battle phases. In addition, each act contains something new to offer. In other words, the main way of obtaining free Valorant skins is to complete in-game challenges or through sporadic events.


However, there are other ways you can obtain Valorant skins. All you need to do is search for the weapon skin you’re looking for on our website, and then you can proceed to install the file in your device to have access to it.


Our website has been providing users with free Valorant skins for quite a while now. As a result, many users out there trust our services and come back to us whenever they want to add something else to their accounts.


How many free skins can you get?


Unlike other websites, there isn’t a limit to how many free Valorant skins you can download from our website. Hence, you can get as many as you want and add them to your account to further personalize your character.


Skins are one of the many cosmetic items available in Valorant, and you can use them to add a bit more personality to your current personalization settings.


We are constantly updating our listings as more skins become available. So whenever something new catches your eye, you can be sure that we will have it available here in a little time. So visit us at any time for free Valorant skins!


How To Get Free VALORANT Skins in 2022


If you’re new to the game or playing for a while and are sick of the default skins, you might be wondering if there was a way to get weapons skins for free. In this article, we aim to answer just that.


Your weapon is something that you spend a lot of time looking at, so if you’re spending a lot of time in this game, you might want to have something that looks different and unique from the default weapons. But if you cannot afford to purchase skins for Riots premium offerings, worry not, as you too can get cool skins for yourself absolutely free.


Read More: Best Gun Buddies in VALORANT 2022


What free weapon skins you can get


Unfortunately, most of the secondary and primary weapons skins in the game need to be bought with VALORANT’s Premium currency, known as VP. This currency cannot be obtained for free in any method and needs to be purchased with real money.


However, you can obtain secondary weapon skins in VALROANT that you can obtain for free. Not only can you get a skin for every single pistol in the game, but you also have multiple skin options for each weapon. There are two main methods to obtain skins for free in the game as of now, and we will be discussing both in detail.


How to Get Free Skins in VALORANT


Method 1: Agent Contract Skins


Agent Contracts are a set of small missions you can complete for every agent and get rewards in the end. An Agent contract is comprised of two Chapters and 5 tiers each for a total of 10 tiers. These contract tiers can be progressed by gaining XP, which can be accumulated through simply playing the game.


At the completion of each tier, you are rewarded with sprays, player cards, player titles, gun buddies, the agent themselves, and finally, the agent’s signature weapon.


Note that to progress an Agent contract; you need to simply keep it activated and don’t need to be playing the exact agent to progress it. You can get progression while playing any agent. Also, for faster progress, make sure to complete your daily and weekly missions, as they provide a huge chunk of XP.


The above image showcases Astra’s agent contract’s tier 10 reward, the Eclipse ghost, arguably the best Agent Contract skin released so far.


All agents’ signature weapons aren’t the same; Astra uses a ghost while Jett uses a sheriff, Viper uses a Shorty, etc. These weapon skins are themed after the character and are a must-have for those looking for decent-looking skin for free. So to summarize, you can obtain a free skin by activating an Agent contract and completing it up to tier 10.


Method 2: Free Battle pass Chapter Rewards


The battle pass is one of the best ways to obtain a lot of cosmetic items, especially skins, at a low price. For example, you can get 13 different weapon skins, including a melee making the Battle pass the best value purchase in the game, coming in at only 1000 VP.


But the best part about the battle pass is that it also has a free route that can be progressed without purchasing the Battle Pass. When you complete tier 40, along with the premium rewards, you also get some free rewards, including a secondary weapon skin from one of the two skin collections in that battle pass.


Since the battle pass is progressed by accumulating enough XP to progress the tiers, the suggestions to complete it faster will be the same as previously mentioned. All you need to do is play the game and ensure that you complete the daily and weekly missions. So to summarize, you can obtain a free skin by completing tier 40 when any battle pass is active without needing to purchase it.


We hope this article was helpful, and now you too can own your very own shiny new weapon skin for absolutely free.
