Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



June’s Journey Tips, Cheats and Strategies


Do you love hidden object games as much as we do? There’s something lovely and relaxing about looking through a complex piece of artwork and discovering the different ways visual cues can tease your mind. It doesn’t hurt when there’s a story to go along with it, no matter how deep the mystery dive may be. June’s Journey may not stand out from the pack of its genre, but its elegant, British countryside/manor fantasy makes for an enjoyable adventure. Just don’t let it stress you out!


If the cluttered manor rooms and garden scenes are tying your thoughts in knots, we have some June’s Journey tips, cheats and strategies to help you spot the secrets of each crime scene.


Hiding in Plain Sight


June’s Journey may start you off easily enough with obvious set pieces, but quickly ramps up the difficulty, oddly, by making things even more obvious. You’ll be so busy looking for intricate details, you won’t notice the item you want staring you right in the face. A good early example of this is when you are tasked to look at a photo. Many of the objects you’re looking for are hidden in the frame of the photo in bright colors. But you won’t see them, because you’ll be too busy scrutinizing the design of the stair railing!


Objects will often appear in places that are seemingly obvious, but that you easily overlook. An early game example of this is the way objects will appear around the corner of a photo as a border, or even on the “surface” of the photo. June’s Journey is masterful at playing visual tricks like this, so if you’re having difficulty finding something, try to refocus and look at the big picture instead of digging into corners.


Check the Decor


Sometimes, you have to nitpick details. Often, if you see an object listed that doesn’t seem to fit with the current scene, chances are it’s in the decor somewhere. It might be a door knocker, or a statue, or a piece of furniture designed to look like a certain object (such as a lamp that looks like a sea shell). The environments in June’s Journey are full of weird intricacies, some of which don’t even make sense. If you see something elaborate that doesn’t appear in the object list in one round, make a note of it for the next. Chances are, you’ll see it again.


Lather, Rinse, and Repeat


Noting weird objects for later is a helpful strategy, because you’ll play levels multiple times on your way to those extra clues and higher scores. Some clues will repeat, so you’ll want to be sure you remember all the hidden objects you’ve found already. But more items will also appear with each new star of ranking you obtain, further crowding the room and filling it with more distractions. Your first few attempts at a room are key to understanding its layout, ensuring new items (that will often be in the object list) pop out at you when they appear. Were those gloves there before? They weren’t! They’re probably a new clue.


Take Your Time


Yeah, sure a murder happened and all, but don’t rush your investigation. Hidden Object games are intended to be relaxing, and focused on story and puzzle solving. You can take it at your own pace. If you get frustrated, step away to rest your eyes, and come back later for a fresh look. This is also a useful strategy for tackling the puzzles themselves. Your score is based on how long it takes you to finish it, promoting speedy solutions, but since you can repeat the puzzle as many times as you like (until you run out of energy), it’s not really a big deal if you take your time and use a few hints. Hints will take time to replenish, so you can’t rely on them fully unless you don’t mind going really, really slow. Know too that using hints will simply hand you one of the answers, so if you don’t want things spoiled for you, don’t tap that little lightbulb!


More Tips



  
If you like high scoring, use the dimmed screen before you actually tap to start to pick out the first three objects. It helps to turn your brightness up, and you’re guaranteed a streak right at the beginning. Keeping it up is harder, but is even easier if it’s a scene you’ve done before.

  
If you don’t what something is, guess. Some objects are obscure or old enough that you may not recognize them by name. Tap anything that looks odd or that you’re unsure of, and see what happens!

  
That said, don’t tap-guess too exuberantly, or the game will lock you out for several seconds.

  
When it comes to managing the manor, it’s hard to go wrong as long as you check in occasionally and reap your coin rewards. You’ll receive reward boxes from completing scenes, but be careful about opening them right away. Most of them contain energy, so save them for when you’re playing for long stretches of time and will need to replenish. Don’t open them when your energy is full, or when you’re planning to take a break.




Published on 09, October 2017 | 5 years ago


June's journey waiting room


Posted by: BlueStacks Content Team


Solving puzzles in June’s Journey can be extremely challenging, especially if you’re the type of player who’s trying to gun for a top spot in the leaderboards. Hidden object games are one of the most challenging game genres and very few people have the patience to complete entire sets of thefse puzzles. For people like you who have the motivation to look for ways to improve in playing this game, we’ve prepared some tips and tricks to help you overcome even the most challenging levels.


Hidden object games may have a simple objective, but the process of doing so isn’t as easy as you might think. Luckily, this game genre can be mastered with a little bit of practice and knowledge, so you don’t have to be a natural-born genius to be good at playing. It might also be a good idea to read up on our June’s Journey Beginners Guide to give you an introductory guide to this specific game. Here are some of the best tips and tricks that will help you become better at June’s Journey:


Understanding the List


June’s Journey is set in a time and setting that most players are unfamiliar with. Because of this, some terms and items might seem unfamiliar to the player. This can be problematic if you’re trying to get as many points as possible. Googling the words that you don’t understand can help you out, but will eat up a lot of your time. However, playing the game for a long time will surely improve your vocabulary, which will prove to be helpful not only in the future levels, but also with other hidden objects games.


Understanding the list just doesn’t mean knowing what the words mean, but how the items on the list are related to the puzzle’s setting. Remember that the items are most likely found in the most logical place for them to be. For example, if you’re looking for a piece of clothing, it’ll most likely be found on or near a mannequin, clothe’s rack, suitcase, or person. However, some items do not take the form you expect them to be and can simply be just a shape, image, or statue of that item.


The Best Way to Find Clues


The most helpful trick to finding clues is to play on a fairly large screen. The screen shouldn’t be so large that you will take too much time looking around, but neither should it be so small that the items are too difficult to spot. If you’re playing this game on the BlueStacks platform, somewhere around 1600×900 resolution should be enough to give you the best advantage when solving puzzles. Try to adjust the resolution every so often so that you have the chance to discover one that works for you personally.


Once you’ve adjusted your screen resolution, there’s one trick to finding items. When you’re trying to look for an item, try to spiral your vision from the outermost side of the screen towards the middle. Players tend to avoid looking at corners and sides since they focus most on the middle parts of the image. Doing this will increase your chances of finding items that might be hidden in parts of the screen where you least expect them to be.


When To Use Hints


Unless you’re aiming to score high in the leaderboards, there’s no reason for you to not use hints in June’s Journey. Hints are unlimited, but they have such a long cooldown, if you were to use them to find things at the drop of a hat, you’d never get anything done with that inefficiency. There are great times to use hints and other times are simply a waste. In the case of the latter, it’s better to simply try the other tips listed on this list to help you out, rather than wasting your time trying to wait for the hint timer to run out.


The best time to use hints is when it’s the very last item, on an item that you’re not familiar with, on an item that you’ve spent at least a minute trying to find, or if it’s your first time trying to clear the stage. Hints decrease the points you earn, so don’t use them when you’re trying to get a spot at the top of the leaderboards. Once you’ve completed the puzzle enough times, you shouldn’t rely on hints that much because you should generally already know where all the items are.


Don’t Click Start Until You’re Ready!


Whenever you start a puzzle, the game offers you a chance to start the game when you’re ready. During this time, you can already see the first three items on the list and the basic layout of the image behind the Start screen. You can take this opportunity to look around and find the first three items so that you can instantly click on them to increase the score that you get and give you a higher score on the leaderboards. You can also look around for items that might appear on the screen to give you the advantage.


It’s also a good idea not to start when you’re not focused enough to start searching for clues. There will be times when you find the first three items in a flash, but find yourself stuttering because you don’t know where to find the new items that appeared. Try to remember where all the items are placed so that you are ready to take on the puzzle.


Memorize the Item Placements


The first attempts at every puzzle are usually just trial runs, and nobody expects to do a perfect run. Since the game will require you to complete stages multiple times, you will have a chance to gain mastery of it. Every time that you finish a stage, you should remember where that item is placed so that the next time you attempt the puzzle again, you’ll quickly know where to find it.


June’s Journey’s items don’t get shuffled around, unlike other hidden object games. This is why it’s easy to get on the leaderboards once you’ve mastered a specific puzzle. The only problem that you might encounter is the lack of energy to keep attempting the puzzle. In that case, you can simply spend one day on one stage until you attain rank 1 on the leaderboard.


June’s Journey Guide: 5 Tips & Cheats to Solve More Puzzles


June’s Journey is a new hidden object game coming from Wooga, the creators of Pearl’s Peril. Available on iOS and Android devices, June’s Journey takes you to different stunning locations that are inspired by the 1920s era. The story revolves around the main character, June, as she tries to find out what happened to her missing sister. Your job is to help her solve this mystery by traveling all over the world with her. There are dozens of puzzles for you to crack, as well as different game modes that will keep you intrigued for hours on end. The game is divided into episodes and the story unfolds as you solve more puzzles. Can you figure out the mystery behind her sister’s disappearance? Make sure you rely on our June’s Journey strategy guide to help you solve all the puzzles!


1. Take A Step Back


Hidden object games often tend to confuse players by making items of disproportionate size. The first few puzzles you play in this game are meant to introduce you to the mechanics so they will be easy to complete. After that, you will be surprised by the sudden increase in difficulty. A common mistake some players make is that they tend to focus too much on the intricate details of each puzzle. You would be zooming in to the small items trying to find what is hidden only to discover that what you are looking for is right in the middle of the screen. The best thing to do when you are stuck is to take a step back and try to look at the puzzle with a different perspective.


2. Think Outside The Box


When you are given the list of items to find, you will often come up with a mental image of what each object should look like. The game will try to take advantage of this by tricking you into looking for actual images of these objects. If you feel that the item you are looking for does not really belong in the current setting, then the chances are it would be different from what it normally looks like. For example, if you are asked to look for a seashell but the setting is an indoor living room, then you might want to check the decors of the furniture to see if there are any shells engraved.


3. Take Note Of Objects


Each location is replayed numerous times before you complete an episode. The list of things you need to find, however, changes after each level. It is a good idea to make a mental note of all the odd items you notice during your first playthrough. There is a good chance that those odd items will appear on your list the next time you play in that location.


4. How To Get A High Score


The game scores you based on how quickly you complete a puzzle. That doesn’t mean, however, that you can’t take your time in finding all the items you need. Since you can replay all the levels as much as you want, you can just play slowly during your first try then go back later to aim for a better score. Just don’t forget that you will be consuming energy with each replay so find the balance between progressing through the story and aiming for high scores.


5. When In Doubt, Tap Around


Since the setting of the game is in the 1920s, there is a good chance that you may not have any idea what some of the items are. If you have no idea what you are looking for, you can try to tap odd-looking objects around the map in hopes of stumbling upon the correct item. Be careful about tapping too much, though. The game will lock you out for a few seconds if you do it too often.


Solving puzzles is a lot of fun, especially if you rely on our June’s Journey strategy guide for help! Enjoyed this game guide? Or want to share your thoughts about the game? In any case, feel free to drop us a line in the comment area below!
