Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Jw online library app


Какой была ваша жизнь до того, как Свидетели Иеговы предложили вам изучать Библию? Многим из нас даже вспоминать об этом не хочется. Скорее всего, мы позволяли этому миру диктовать нам, как выглядеть, как думать и что считать добром и злом. Если так было и в вашем случае, то «вы не имели надежды и жили в этом мире без Бога» (Эф. 2:12). Но, изучая Библию, вы узнали, что у вас есть небесный Отец, который вас очень любит. Вы захотели подружиться с ним и стать частью огромной семьи его служителей. Однако вы поняли, что для этого необходимо предпринять серьёзные изменения во взглядах, образе жизни и внешнем виде. Вам предстояла серьёзная перестройка — перенять взгляд Иеговы на то, что считать добром и злом (Эф. 5:3—5). Иегова — наш Создатель и небесный Отец — имеет полное право устанавливать нормы поведения в своей семье. И он требует, чтобы ещё до крещения мы сняли с себя «старую личность с её делами». w22.03 2, абз. 1—3


Четверг, 30 марта


«Другие овцы» рады присутствовать в качестве гостей на Вечере. Присутствуя на Вечере, «другие овцы», как и помазанные христиане, размышляют о том, какое будущее Иегова для них приготовил. Например, на этом событии звучит библейская речь. Большей частью она посвящена тому, что Христос и 144 000 сделают для «других овец» во время Тысячелетнего правления. Под руководством Царя, Иисуса Христа, эти небесные правители помогут послушным Богу людям превратить землю в рай и сделают их совершенными. Миллионам гостей, из года в год присутствующих на Вечере, приятно рисовать в своём воображении картину того, как исполнятся библейские пророчества, например из Исайи 35:5, 6; 65:21—23 и Откровения 21:3, 4. Представляя себя и своих близких в новом мире, они укрепляют свою надежду на будущее и решимость никогда не прекращать служение Иегове (Матф. 24:13; Гал. 6:9). w22.01 21, абз. 5—7


Чтение Библии перед Вечерей воспоминания: (после захода солнца: события 9 нисана) Матфея 26:6—13


Пятница, 31 марта


Сын человеческий пришёл. для того, чтобы. отдать жизнь как выкуп за многих (Мар. 10:45).


Что такое выкуп? Это цена, которую Иисус заплатил, чтобы выкупить то, что потерял Адам (1 Кор. 15:22). Почему нам необходим выкуп? Потому что по нормам справедливости Иеговы, изложенным в Законе, за жизнь требовалось отдать жизнь (Исх. 21:23, 24). Адам потерял совершенную человеческую жизнь, и, в согласии с Божьими нормами справедливости, Иисус отдал такую же совершенную человеческую жизнь (Рим. 5:17). Так он стал «Вечным отцом» для всех, кто проявляет веру в выкуп (Ис. 9:6; Рим. 3:23, 24). Иисус с готовностью отдал свою жизнь, потому что очень любил Иегову и людей (Иоан. 14:31; 15:13). Эта любовь помогла ему до самой смерти остаться верным своему Отцу и исполнить его волю. Благодаря жертве Иисуса жизнь людей на земле будет именно такой, какой её замыслил Иегова в самом начале. w21.04 14, абз. 2, 3


Чтение Библии перед Вечерей воспоминания: (днём: события 9 нисана) Матфея 21:1—11, 14—17


JW Library 4+


JW Library is an official app produced by Jehovah's Witnesses. It includes multiple Bible translations, as well as books and brochures for Bible study.


Bible
• Choose from various Bible translations.
• Compare all available Bible versions by tapping a verse number.
• View the associated material by tapping a footnote marker or reference letter.


Navigation
• Swipe left or right to navigate through your current publication.
• Place bookmarks at any verse or chapter to resume your reading.
• Use the history feature to access recently read content.
• Use the Search feature to find words or expressions in your current publication.
• See publications you need for the meetings.


What’s New


- The Terms of Use and Privacy Policy have been updated.
- Privacy Settings allow you to control the sending of usage and diagnostic data from your device.


Ratings and Reviews


Awesome, but one thing that I want to suggest


I love JW Library, for the meetings, bible reading, studying, and videos. It’s certainly a blessing from Jehovah. One thing that I think you could add, and I think you maybe have in the past on certain devices, but Apple and Samsung don’t have it. So, this is mostly about music videos, but could be used for other things as well: A shuffle button. The original music that you provide is amazing, but it would be nice if we could tap that shuffle button and do everyday things. Like for example, when driving, especially to meetings and service, it would be really nice to just be able to click shuffle and have random songs play for as long as you want. I don’t know if this is done in other places, but here in the middle of Wisconsin, some congregations public witness in Flea Markets, and we usually have an open tent with a table with literature on it. We also play Become Jehovah’s Friend videos on the table to attract people to the carts. A shuffle button would be pretty handy in that situation. Sure, you can just click on a video and then the videos following it will play, but especially with the songs, it’d be nice to have a way to shuffle them. So, just a suggestion, and there are others ways of doing this on different devices; I don’t know if you even look at the reviews, but if you do, there are people out in Wisconsin that might find this useful.
 


I love the JW Library app.


Thank you so much brothers for all your hard work in making this most amazing app in the world available to people everywhere! I use it every day all day long and it has been such a blessing and it has helped my spirituality immeasurably! I wanted to let you know that I have been experiencing an issue for sometime now with updating publications. I tap on the circle to download the update and it says installation failed. If I close the app, it will go ahead and show that it is updated so there is a workaround but hopefully you’ll be able to come up with a solution for this. It isn’t just on my iPhone and iPad but it’s on my wife’s iPhone and iPad as well. This is a particularly big issue with updating the Research Guide for 2019. I tried updating it in the publications and it failed. I also tried updating it in the Study Bible using the link that is on the side in the Gems but that fails also. It won’t update like the other publications do even if I close and reopen the app. I really hope you’re able to find a resolution for this because the study notes are incredible tool to use in preparation for meetings as well as doing personal research. Again I appreciate all of your hard work and effort and it just gets better all the time. So thank you my brothers!
 


so great!!


hi i am 9 years old and i love all the celeb and Sofia videos i watch them all they so good 😃 they make me smile! Me my brothers and sisters are having trouble in sharing 😞 i dont like it and its so hard to stop it. Can you please make a video where celeb and sofia find a really pretty flower and they both want it because its special so they start fighting over it and celeb says “no sofia its mine give it back. ” sofia said to celeb: “no its mine i found it first!” They’re mom comes and says” whats going on?” Celeb is sad and says “sofia took my pretty flower to give to you!” “No celeb took MY flower to give to you!!” Their dad comes and says “guys, guys, why are you fighting over a flower saying it is both yours? jehovah created all things including this beautiful flower for us to enjoy, not fight over!” celeb and sofia both look at each other and go to talk. when they are done talking they both hold the flower together and smile and hand it up to they’re mom and they say “here mom we both have a flower to give to you!” mom says “aww it is so pretty thank you guys!” dad says “good job kids!” So you could add to that if you want and maybe you could connect a scripture to that for people tp read! I bet there is a good scripture to connect to this. ok i will wait for it and look forward to it 😉
 


App Privacy


The developer, Jehovah's Witnesses , indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy.


Data Not Linked to You


The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity:


Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More


Information


Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 12.3 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 12.3 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 12.3 or later. Mac Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later.


English, Afrikaans, Akan, Albanian, Amharic, Arabic, Armenian, Assamese, Aymara, Azerbaijani, Bambara, Basque, Bemba (Zambia), Bengali, Bini, Bislama, Bulgarian, Burmese, Cambodian, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Efik, Estonian, Ewe, Filipino, Finnish, French, Gaelic, Galician, Ganda, Georgian, German, Grebo, Greek, Gujarati, Haitian, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Icelandic, Igbo, Indonesian, Irish, Italian, Japanese, Javanese, Kabuverdianu, Kabyle, Kachin, Kamba (Kenya), Kannada, Kazakh, Kikuyu, Kinyarwanda, Kirundi, Konkani (macrolanguage), Korean, Krio, Kuanyama, Kyrgyz, Laotian, Latvian, Lingala, Lithuanian, Lunda, Macedonian, Malagasy, Malay, Malayalam, Maltese, Marathi, Mende (Sierra Leone), Mongolian, Morisyen, Ndebele, North, Nepali, Nias, Niuean, Norwegian Bokmål, Nyankole, Oriya, Oromo, Pedi, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Quechua, Romanian, Russian, Samoan, Serbian, Sesotho, Setswana, Shan, Shona, Simplified Chinese, Singhalese, Siswati, Slovak, Slovenian, Somali, Spanish, Susu, Swahili, Swedish, Tajik, Tamil, Tatar, Telugu, Thai, Tigrinya, Tiv, Tok Pisin, Tokelau, Tonga, Traditional Chinese, Tsonga, Turkish, Turkmen, Ukrainian, Umbundu, Urdu, Uzbek, Venda, Vietnamese, Welsh, Xhosa, Yao, Yoruba, Zulu
