Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Kim Kardashian looksmenu preset


My first looksmenu preset upload. A Kim K LookMenu Preset.


Credits and distribution permission



  
Other user's assets All the assets in this file belong to the author, or are from free-to-use modder's resources

  
Upload permission You are not allowed to upload this file to other sites under any circumstances

  
Modification permission You must get permission from me before you are allowed to modify my files to improve it

  
Conversion permission You are not allowed to convert this file to work on other games under any circumstances

  
Asset use permission You must get permission from me before you are allowed to use any of the assets in this file

  
Asset use permission in mods/files that are being sold You are not allowed to use assets from this file in any mods/files that are being sold, for money, on Steam Workshop or other platforms

  
Asset use permission in mods/files that earn donation points You are not allowed to earn Donation Points for your mods if they use my assets

  
Console modding permission This mod will not be available on Bethesda.net for console users




Author notes


This author has not provided any additional notes regarding file permissions


File credits


This author has not credited anyone else in this file


Donation Points system


This mod is not opted-in to receive Donation Points


Premium membership donations accepted


Kim Kardashian character preset
 

Nexus Mod Manager: 

1. Download with (NMM) Nexus Mod Manager. Add it to your active mod list.
2. In game, open the console and type slm player or showlooksmenu 14 .
3. Open the PRESETS tab and then you will find my preset called "Kim K". Simply select it, Done!


1. Download the manual file.
2. Copy the file "Kim K.json", then paste it into Steam/steamapps/common/Fallout 4/Data/F4SE/Plugins/F4EE/Presets 
3. In game, open the console and type slm player or showlooksmenu 14 .
4. Open the PRESETS tab and then you will find my preset called "Kim K". Simply select it, Done!


Note: Remember, if you don't have the Plugins/F4EE/Presets folders, then just create them yourself!


KIM KARDASHIAN: HOLLYWOOD mod + apk 13.6.0 Unlimited Cash/Stars


 Kim kardashian hollywood Mod APk is a celebrity on reality TV shows. Her name is well-known among young people. Not only a famous actress and model, but she is also a billionaire with a vast fortune from her brand chain. A series of advertisements and games bearing her name attest to her popularity. Kim Kardashian: Hollywood, a game released by Glu Mobile in 2016, is one of those games. The game had an excellent reputation as soon as it was released. Up until today, Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is still a sign of her popularity.


With Kim Kardashian: Hollywood MOD APK, you can become the "queen" of beauty and scandal. Money, fame, career, and even trouble are waiting for you in this fascinating fashion game.


Gameplay


In Kim Kardashian: Hollywood, you will experience the process of becoming a celebrity of an unknown beautiful girl. Despite your stunning beauty, becoming an A-star will not be as simple as you think.


You're not going to play the role of Kim, but she's going to be your guide. Your mission is to become famous. Then, how to be renowned? To do that, you need determination and effort. Don't be afraid to branch out and start with simple jobs such as bar staff, waiter, etc. These jobs will help you become your famous actor.


When your character performs these daily tasks, they will consume a lot of energy. But after you've finished, you'll receive bonuses and experience. Especially if you do well, you will be appreciated by people, making advancement easier.


Customize Your Style


Kim Kardashian: Hollywood offers players hundreds of customization, including clothes, dresses, fashion accessories, hairstyles, or even complexion for you to customize your character. The majority of the fashion items are up to date with the latest trends, with many top designers' designs.


Kim Kardashian will be your advisor. Are you ready to put on a splendid dress, confident to own yourself in front of a series of journalist cameras?


Play With Thousands Of Real-Life Friends


With Kim Kardashian: Hollywood, players can connect with many friends not only on a game but also via Facebook's social network with real-life friends. Making in-game friends will help you level up faster. Meanwhile, making Facebook friends will help each other become famous. You are free to exchange gifts and styles. This makes players feel comfortable and authentic when they play.


MOD Version


Cash and Star are the currency in this game. You can get them by completing activities, working, or dealing with the reality shows you take part in. Star has various special abilities, such as filling the energy bar and compelling NPCs to communicate with the player. Keep in mind that the Star is tough to obtain, so you should always keep that in mind when using it. You will have to work for extended periods to meet your basic needs.


If you do not want to do so, you can use Kim Kardashian: Hollywood MOD APK version with an unlimited money feature. Without having to worry about prices, you can buy costumes and accessories, host your reality shows, and even run a real estate business.


Download kim kardashian hollywood mod apk for android


Kim Kardashian: Hollywood has simple gameplay and diverse content in design. This is a game worth playing. The game assists you in maximizing your ability to express, speak, and socialize. After a long day at work, a gentle plot intertwined with real-life will help you relax. If you want to become an A-star with a reputation and property, download Kim Kardashian: Hollywood MOD and realize your dream.


Kim Kardashian Hollywood mod


I know this is an odd request but there is a huge fanbase for this game mod, our previous modders have retired from modding and now we are orphans.
Please someone help us.


Hey u/mybiz88, Please ensure that your post follows the required request format for this sub-reddit to avoid it being removed.


Description:


Playstore Link:


Mod Features:


I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.


Thanks but the mod is not updated.


I hope someone mods this I haven’t been able to play mostly in October and now in November. 😔


I've found it, it's been made by 5play.ru even if the description doesn't say it has anything unlocked.


hi i’m late to this thread but i was wondering if anyone could give me a brief tutorial on how to mod my current account, it would be super helpful! :)


If you're looking to add money, kstars and fans you can use the app "game guardian", there is a tutorial on youtube titled "Kim kardashian: Hollywood hack currencies and fans/popularity".
Adding the items is more complicated, you need to learn how to mod in general and it's very time consuming, anyway, you can find tutorials on some modding forums.


can you post the link to download the mod?


About Community


Welcome To The Home Of Apps Mod Release Community Subreddit. The Only Place With Variety Of Streaming/Network/Misc/Utility Apps Collections. App's Discussion, Request, Question Everything Related Is Welcome In This Community.


Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform. For more information, please see our Cookie Notice and our Privacy Policy .
