Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



STAR WARS: KOTOR II 2.0.1 Apk Full + OBB Data Paid Mod latest


STAR WARS: KOTOR II is a Adventure android game made by Aspyr Media, Inc. that you can install on your android devices an enjoy !


Five years after the events from the award winning Star Wars® Knights of the Old Republic™, the Sith Lords have hunted the Jedi to the edge of extinction and are on the verge of crushing the Old Republic. 
With the Jedi Order in ruin, the Republic’s only hope is a lone Jedi struggling to reconnect with the Force. As this Jedi, you will be faced with the galaxy’s most dire decision: Follow the light side or succumb to the dark…


———————————————— 
C H O O S E · Y O U R · D E S T I N Y 
————————————————


The choices you make will affect your character, those in your party, and those who may join you in your quest. 
—————————————


Install Instruction : 



  
install APK on your android device.

  
unzip data and copy com.aspyr.swkotorii folder into android / obb (internal storage)

  
Enter the game And enjoy

  
Remember DLandroid 🙂




STAR WARS: KOTOR II mod OBB Full Paid


Star Wars: Kotor II is the sequel to the excellent action RPG series of games. The Star Wars movie inspired this Aspyr game. The two versions of Star Wars: Kotor are based on the franchise's storyline and image to develop into a cross-platform game. On Google Play, the game sells for a pretty high price - $14.99 and this price may vary by region. However, players can still consider free downloads of the game's files according to the links below.


Start the Adventure


As a sequel to the first, part II continues to develop the original plot. Accordingly, Star Wars: Kotor II will take place five years after the first version. Part II takes you on an adventure with the main character, a Jedi master. He was charged with exile for participating in the war of Mandalorian. The one who accused him was Revan, the previous installment protagonist, who ordered the Jedi not to join the fight.


You will be able to choose from three different types of Jedi in the game, each with its special forces. More characters from the previous generation on the scene, continuing the story of the first part, and many more skills, weapons, locations, characters, etc., will be added to part II.


Special In-Game Features


Star Wars: Kotor II still shares the same gameplay as its predecessor, combining elements and role-playing tactics. Players need to know how to use their character's skills in combination with weapons. Characters can receive assistance through force or weapons, depending on the situation. The most important is the coordination among the members. Depending on whether the enemy is strong or weak, you and your teammates will develop reasonable strategies.


The characters in Star Wars: Kotor II will be judged by strength. The main character is considered through the dialogues and what he does through each game stage. You can decide your character's fate, and the decisions also directly affect the safety of the entire galaxy.


The game will allow you to choose one of the edges to develop the main storyline according to it, and your hero will receive certain quests to obtain currency and a chance to improve your character. The inquiries are not very varied, but they are pretty attractive in terms of gameplay.


Also, it would be best if you fought a lot no matter which side you choose. These battles can help you reach the maximum for your hero. Moreover, players can create several characters at the same time to observe and develop different storylines.


Updated 3D Graphics


The game is equipped with pretty good quality 3D graphics. The characters’ manipulation and movement in the first part have been evaluated as not very smooth and realistic. However, in part II, this problem has been improved. Characters and robots in Star Wars: Kotor II have much smoother action. If compared to the PC game, it is possible that Star Wars: Kotor II still cannot compare enough in terms of graphics quality. But it's still perfect for a mobile game.


However, version II’s character is not much different from part I, especially since the face is quite lifeless and lacks the character’s necessary expressions. Anyway, part II has also been upgraded to a better quality than the old version.


Explore Incredible Planets of Star Wars Universe


Not only has it received many reviews, but also the world's leading game papers praised Star Wars: Kotor II a lot. The appearance of Part II makes the gaming community extremely excited. It is expected that this game will storm the entertainment market in the future.


As mentioned earlier, the game costs nearly $15, and not all players want to spend a lot of money to download the game. So why not try the MOD version for free? You will have the chance to explore the most famous planets of the Star Wars universe, such as Tatooine, Korriban, and Homeworld of Furry Wookiees - Kashyyyk.
