Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



LEGO® DUPLO® WORLD Mod Apk 12.0.0 (Unlocked)


LEGO® DUPLO® WORLD is packed with open-ended play experiences and games featuring animals 🐼, buildings 🏠, exciting vehicles 🚒, and trains 🚂 to inspire your toddler’s imagination and creativity through learning—perfect for preparing your little one for preschool.


LEGO DUPLO WORLD is carefully aligned with the highly-regarded Headstart Early Learning Outcomes Framework to ensure it’s age-appropriate and meets the developmental needs of kids ages 2-5 years old. Each activity targets key learning goals for toddlers and preschool kids.


Your child can explore each scene to find out what’s in it, discover how everything works and—of course—play with it! Children also get to build structures using 3D bricks, stimulating their creativity.


Be your child's partner in play and get them ready for kindergarten! LEGO DUPLO WORLD supports Multi-Touch, so your family can play together and on the go for shared games, learning and adventures.


⭐ 2021 Kidscreen Awards: Best Preschool Learning App—Branded
⭐ American Library Association’s Notable Children’s Digital Media List 2021
⭐ Winner of the KAPI Award for Best App 2020
⭐ Mom's Choice® Gold Award 2020
⭐ Licensing International Excellence Awards 2020 winner


Fun-filled play packs in this app:
– NUMBER TRAIN
– FIRE AND RESCUE!
– AMUSEMENT PARK
– CARS
– FAMILY CAMPING
– SPACE EXPLORERS
– FARM
– AIRPLANE ADVENTURES
– FOOD FUN!
– CONSTRUCTION SITE 
– PLAY HOUSE
– UNDER THE SEA
– RESCUE ADVENTURE
– WORLD ANIMALS
– WINTER HOLIDAY


Thank you for allowing us to be part of your child’s journey!
If you're experiencing any issues email us support@storytoys.com.


PRIVACY
StoryToys takes children’s privacy seriously and ensures that its apps are compliant with privacy laws, including the Child Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). If you would like to learn more on what information we collect and how we use it, please visit our privacy policy at https://storytoys.com/privacy


Please note that this app is free to play but additional content is available via in-app purchases. Google Play does not permit in-app purchases and free apps to be shared via Family Library, so any purchases you make in this app will not be shareable via Family Library.


LEGO®, DUPLO®, the LEGO logo, and the DUPLO logo are trademarks and/or copyrights of the LEGO® Group.
©2022 The LEGO Group. All Rights Reserved.


LEGO DUPLO WORLD is the perfect LEGO game to help your toddler and preschool kid learn while having fun. It’s packed with learning games kids aged 2-5 years old will love.


It's always busy at the Fire & Rescue Station! Take to the skies in your Helicopter and save the day in the Forest Park.
Get the Firefighters ready for action by ringing the Station Fire Alarm - WAKE UP, sleepy heads!
Then it's time for training in the Firehose tower - who's going to get a soaking? It's up to you! 
And lastly, fun with Rescue Training. Climb the ladders, be careful of the trapdoors and slide with your friend to safety!


Lego Duplo World MOD APK 16.1.0 (Unlocked)


The description of Lego Duplo World MOD APK 16.1.0 (Unlocked)


Explore this Article



  
Story/Gameplay

  
Features

  
Interactive controls and simple mechanics

  
Amazing Lego adventures for kid gamers

  
Help your kids develop many skills

  
Many Lego puzzles for kid gamers

  
Fun and educational mini-games

  
Enjoy completely liberating gameplay of pretend play

  
Allow multiplayer gameplay on the same scene

  
Enable the Bedtime mode for kids

  
Available in many languages

  
Enjoy the game with or without the Internet

  
Unlock the full game using our free mod



  
Graphics

  
Sound & Music




For parents who are looking for a great mobile game for their kids to enjoy, this awesome mobile title of Lego Duplo World is undoubtedly an amazing option for all of you, as it provides a complete gameplay for kid gamers. Feel free to enter the game where kid gamers are introduced to their liberating, creative, relaxing, and educational gaming experiences.


Make use of Lego Duplo World to let your kids have fun through many educational quests and puzzles. Allow your children to play the game freely and at their own pace, in which they’ll learn and cultivate many of their important skills and intelligences. And at the same time, parents can still have complete control over what their kids are playing.


Find out more about this awesome mobile game from StoryToys and all of its amazing features with our comprehensive reviews.


Story/Gameplay


Here in Lego Duplo World, kid gamers are introduced to various 3D Lego scenarios, featuring interactive Lego blocks and characters for them to freely interact and play with. Feel free to enter the certain pretend play scenarios and start enjoying the game however you want. Allow your children to develop their thinking and logical skills, social interactions, and their endless creativity thanks to many Lego puzzles and adventures that are introduced in the game.


With a variety of different stories and adventures being featured in different packages, parents can now introduce their children to many interesting Lego adventures and their relaxing gameplay. Allow kids to pretend play in many unique scenarios and have access to all in-game props, which will let them play the game however they want. Children can play together in the multiplier game on the same display. And parents are also allowed with certain levels of controls when it comes to the games which their kids are playing.


Features


Here are all the exciting features that the game has to offer:


Interactive controls and simple mechanics


To start with, Lego Duplo World gamers will find themselves having no troubles getting comfortable with the game and all of its features, thanks to the simple controls and undemanding mechanics. Here, all you need is to enter the certain in-game scenarios, freely select and work with your certain characters, allow them to interact with the provided props, or enjoy the LEGO construction gameplay however you want. Feel free to make uses of the simple touch and gesture controls to manage the characters and Lego blocks.


Amazing Lego adventures for kid gamers


With Lego Duplo World, Android gamers will find themselves having access to a huge collection of different Lego scenarios, in which the game offers many mini-games, puzzle-solving challenges, and pretend play opportunities for kid gamers to freely enjoy the game at their own pace and with their own creative approaches.



  
Number train – the fun and relaxing gameplay of Number Train allows kids to develop their early math skills by introducing them to the simple numbers and helping them with their counting skills. As a result, parents won’t have to stress their kids by forcing them to learn new numbers through boring memory lessons.

  
Cars – kids with an interest for automobiles will find themselves having complete access to the realistic 3D Lego car models, featuring your cool vans, trucks, and other automobiles of all kinds. Feel free to interact and operate them however you want.

  
Family Camping – introduces kid gamers to their fun and exciting camping trips in Lego Duplo World, where they can freely enjoy the game using multiple camping equipment and in-game props. Set up cool scenarios during the trips as you fish beside the stream, cook on the ground, sing at the campfire, and more.

  
Space Explorers – take the in-game characters through their exciting space adventures where you can launch your amazing space shuttles and embark on your cool space missions. Introduce the kids to life on the space station or new planets where they can freely explore the Lego worlds.

  
Farm – allow your children to enjoy life in the farms by allowing them to explore the fun and realistic farm game in Lego Duplo World. Enjoy growing crops, playing with animals, building shelters for livestock, and more.

  
Airplane Adventures – also introduces the kids to their amazing sky adventures, in which they can travel the skies, explore the world in new locations, and experience simulated airport activities.

  
Food Fun – enjoy playing the fantastic food game in the Lego world, in which you can prepare, cook, and deliver foods in many simulated scenarios. And don’t forget to have fun with many delicious food puzzles in the game.

  
Construction Site – allow kid gamers to work with wrecking balls, cranes, bulldozers, bricks, and other objects that can be used for building in the Lego world.




These are only a few scenarios and their interesting adventures that parents can introduce to their kids. Lego Duplo World will feature a lot more exciting gaming fun for Android gamers to enjoy on the go.


Help your kids develop many skills


For parents who are still not sure if they should allow their kids to play games, Lego Duplo World will definitely help you solve the question, as it allows kid gamers to enjoy the fun and exciting game that’s also equally educational.


Simply let the kids immerse themselves in many interesting Lego adventures in the game, where they can learn their social and emotional skills, abilities for reasoning and problem solving. Allow kids to improve their imagination and creativity, health and safety, focus and attention, motor skills, early math knowledge, and many other pieces of education that parents would love to teach their children.


Here, the fun and educational gameplay of Lego Duplo World will make sure that your kids can still learn while enjoying the game.


Many Lego puzzles for kid gamers


Here in Lego Duplo World, kid gamers will find themselves enjoying many interesting Lego puzzles, which will help improve their building and imagination skills. Allow kid gamers to completely immerse themselves in the exciting puzzle-solving games in different Lego adventures that you’ve unlocked. Simply play and have fun while also helping the kids to developing their many skills. Plus, with the evolving and refreshing puzzles, children will always find the game fun and exciting.


Fun and educational mini-games


With many fun and educational mini-games also available in your different adventures in Lego Duplo World, mobile gamers can now enjoy the game a lot more. Feel free to pick up your favorite adventures and enjoy the liberating gameplay of pretend play. And at the same time, also have access to simple but relaxing mini-games with unique and educational gameplay.


Enjoy completely liberating gameplay of pretend play


And speaking of which, for those of you who are interested, you can now enjoy the completely liberating and relaxing gameplay of pretend play in Lego Duplo World. Here, the game allows Android gamers to freely interact with the in-game environments. Feel free to select and work with any characters. Make uses of the Lego items and blocks to set up your in-game scenarios. Have fun playing the game to stimulate your imagination and creativity.


Allow multiplayer gameplay on the same scene


To make the game more exciting and enjoyable, kid gamers can now join each other in exciting Lego adventures where they can have fun with friends while also developing their social skills. Have fun playing the interactive multiplayer game on your multi-touch devices to allow kid gamers to freely control their characters on the same screen.


Enable the Bedtime mode for kids


And with the Bedtime mode available for parents, you can now set the certain time period that you wish to allow the kids to play the game. With this enabled, the game will automatically go to the Bedtime mode and your kids will have to stop playing the game, even if they don’t want to.


Available in many languages


With the game available in English, Arabic, German, Korean, French, Chinese, Japanese, Italian, Dutch, Swedish, Portuguese, Turkish, Indonesian, Vietnamese, and more. Mobile gamers will have no troubles playing the game in any of these languages. Simply select your preferred localization options and start playing the full game whenever you want.


Enjoy the game with or without the Internet


By featuring many offline features and content, Lego Duplo World will allow Android gamers to enjoy the full game without having to connect to the Internet. As a result, you should have no troubles exploring the game and all of its features on the go. There is no need to turn on the mobile data or to look for active Wi-Fi connections, since you only need the Internet for new updates.


Unlock the full game using our free mod


With the free game still requiring mobile gamers to pay for in-game purchases to unlock the adventures, mobile gamers might want to consider the modded version of Lego Duplo World on our website instead. Here, we offer the unlocked game with removed ads and unlimited features, which will let you enjoy the full game without having to pay anything. Simply download the Lego Duplo World Mod APK, follow the given instructions, and you should be ready to go.


Visual and sound quality


Graphics


With realistic 3D graphics, Lego Duplo World introduces Android gamers to the immersive gameplay of Lego constructions and pretend play simulation. Plus, the friendly graphics and vivid colors also make the game visually attractive and suitable for kid gamers. Thus, making it a great game for parents to introduce to their children


Sound & Music


In addition, the fun and relaxing soundtracks, together with responsive sound effects will make sure that you can always enjoy the educational Lego game to the fullest.


Final thoughts


Together with LEGO Tower and Lego Duplo Marvel, Lego Duplo World is another great Android title for all parents. Simply unlock the interesting Lego worlds and adventures in the game, and you can start allowing your kids to enjoy the educational, liberating, and creative Lego simulation gameplay to the fullest.


LEGO DUPLO WORLD mod 12.1.0 Unlock


LEGO DUPLO WORLD is a product of the game company Story Toys. Released to a children's audience. This game has received a lot of praise from parents. Up to now, NPH is constantly launching new updated versions. So what's so attractive about this game? Let's follow  Modradar through the following content.


The advantages at the game LEGO DUPLO WORLD 


Inspired by lego blocks, the game offers a fun and colorful world. In the game, players will participate in many fun activities combined with learning. Thereby stimulating the imagination and thinking ability of children. Parents can let their children freely develop in the world that the game brings.


Colorful world and many lovely creatures 


When children play the game LEGO DUPLO WORLD, they will discover a colorful world. The surrounding scenery will be designed in an innocent and witty style. Help children to freely explore and tinker with their imagination.


Not only that, animals such as elephants, giraffes, raccoons to humans such as firefighters, policewomen are very meticulous and beautiful. Not only that, but cars or trains are anthropomorphic. All of them have a soul and will become their friend in the game.


Many challenges and creative development 


In the game, the children will have to perform puzzle tasks. For us it can be simple games. But for babies, they have a certain level of difficulty and require them to think to be able to overcome. From there, the baby's brain will be stimulated and develop more.


Not only that, with many design features, children are free to create and draw an idea for themselves. Thereby, the artistry as well as the thinking of the baby will be greatly improved.


LEGO DUPLO WORLD supports multiplayer at the same time 


The game has a multi-touch feature. From there, family members can join the child at all times. Parents can explore, play games and study with their children in LEGO DUPLO WORLD. From there, the affection between the members will become more and more cohesive and that is very good for a child. When children feel the love and affection of family.


What's the Mod of LEGO DUPLO WORLD like? 


Currently, there are many Mods for this game on the market. Parents can download and install them. Thereby, children's adventures will be more interesting and the learning value will also be greatly enhanced.


FAQs - Some questions related to LEGO DUPLO WORLD 


Is LEGO DUPLO WORLD game safe for your baby? 


Minigames or content in the game are educational and light entertainment. From there, parents can be completely assured when letting their children play games.


All content of this game has been censored and committed to be suitable for children aged 3 to 5 years old.


What platforms does LEGO DUPLO WORLD support? 


The game can work smoothly on the two most popular operating systems today. Parents can download the game for both iOS and Android. NPH is committed to always supporting its customers in the process of players using the product.


Does the game cost money or not? 


All services that LEGO DUPLO WORLD provides are completely free. Users will not have to pay any cost for features from the product.


Download LEGO DUPLO WORLD 


This is an extremely practical and suitable game for children. Parents should download it immediately for children to play and learn at the same time. Visit the  Modradar page to be able to quickly download this game to your device.


FAQs


Is LEGO DUPLO WORLD game safe for your baby?


Minigames or content in the game are educational and light entertainment. From there, parents can be completely assured when letting their children play games.All content of this game has been censored and committed to be suitable for children aged 3 to 5 years old.


What platforms does LEGO DUPLO WORLD support?


The game can work smoothly on the two most popular operating systems today. Parents can download the game for both iOS and Android. NPH is committed to always supporting its customers in the process of players using the product.


Does the game cost money or not?


All services that LEGO DUPLO WORLD provides are completely free. Users will not have to pay any cost for features from the product.
