Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Magic Survival MOD APK 0.873 (Ad-Free)


The description of Magic Survival MOD APK 0.873 (Ad-Free)


Explore this Article



  
Story/Gameplay

  
Features

  
Simple and customizable controls

  
Simple mechanics but difficult to master

  
Unique hero classes with varying powers

  
Interesting in-game levels with escalating challenges

  
Cool abilities to work with

  
Collect and make uses of many items

  
Collect notes and journals to uncover the plots

  
Feel free to switch your languages

  
Use Google Cloud save to protect your data

  
Enjoy the offline gameplay on the go

  
Free to play

  
Have access to our unlocked mod for free



  
Graphics

  
Sound & Music




After the epic wizard wars, countless spirits of the fallens have become mindless spirits wandering the land. It’s time for you to take up arms and make use of your incredible magic powers to defeat the evils and bring peace to the world. Stop the ever-expanding armies of hell from consuming the world, using your incredible magic powers.


Enjoy playing the simple yet extremely fun and addictive gameplay of top-down shooter actions, in which gamers are allowed to work with all kinds of unique magical abilities and attributes, which will help them counter the enemies. Find yourself facing all kinds of evils with escalating powers and increasing numbers. Make the most of your magical powers to survive for as long as you can.


Find out more about this interesting mobile title from LEME and all of its interesting features with our comprehensive reviews.


Story/Gameplay


Here in Magic Survival, Android gamers can enjoy playing as the remaining heroes of the magic wars. Now, you’ll need to join forces to defeat the evil spirits that are getting stronger by the day. Make uses of your different heroic powers and abilities to face armies of the dead. Unlock multiple upgrades and power-ups, which will allow you to have better chances of defeating the enemies. Stay alive and take down the enemies so you and progress through the game.


Featuring many different heroes, multiple in-game levels, and many unique enemies that you can go against, Magic Survival will make sure that mobile gamers can always have fun playing the game. Feel free to embark on the in-game adventures as your favorite heroes. Collect multiple power-ups, artifacts, and experience points to unlock new powers and better stats on your heroes. Take down the enemies and survive so you can wipe out all the infected spirits. Or else, you’ll become their next victims.


Features


Here are all the exciting features that the game has to offer:


Simple and customizable controls


Featuring the simple top-down view and auto-attacking mechanics, Magic Survival will allow Android gamers to easily and effortlessly enjoy their game. Feel free to work with the simple touch controls to easily move your characters around and out maneuver their enemies. And with customizable joystick controls, you can easily change the control mechanics from fixed to touch analogs, and freely position


Simple mechanics but difficult to master


Similar to Mars: Mars, the game offers its simple mechanics for all Android gamers to quickly get comfortable with the gameplay. However, the insane scaling elements will make sure that you will always find yourself facing more and more challenges. Never find yourself getting bored with the simple game mechanics but difficult to master gameplay from Magic Survival.


Unique hero classes with varying powers


To make the game more interesting, Magic Survival will allow Android gamers to take on their epic survival challenges as many different heroes, each having their unique powers and abilities. Plus, the more research being completed, you can unlock more powerful characters, which will allow you to have better chances of winning the game. So always strive to complete the certain upgrades so you can enjoy the game to the fullest.


Interesting in-game levels with escalating challenges


Here in Magic Survival, Android gamers will find themselves all kinds of unique enemies in different levels, each allowing you to have absolute fun with the game. Feel free to challenge your unique enemies, study their mechanics, and strategize your wizardry powers so you can have better chances facing against the enemies. With escalating levels of difficulty and increasing waves of enemies, the game will make sure that you can enjoy your survival challenges to the fullest.


Cool abilities to work with


The characters in Magic Survival can unlock their many cool abilities as you engage in the actions. Here, the game lets you level up your heroes by defeating enemies and collecting energies. Make sure to level up and give your characters proper ability upgrades so you can unlock the most incredible powers, which can be used against the enemies. With multiple abilities and their unique attributes, Magic Survival gamers are allowed to freely strategize and choose their own approaches when playing the game.


Collect and make uses of many items


And at the same time, the game will offer many unique items and power ups, which you can use to fight against the enemies. Make sure to always collect the best items and use them at the right time so you can have the advantages when facing the enemies.


Collect notes and journals to uncover the plots


Together with the interesting levels and in-game challenges, Magic Survival also offers its captivating stories, which gamers can unveil by completing the in-game quests. Locate and gather all the notes and journals in the game to discover the stories, so you can have more fun playing Magic Survival.


Feel free to switch your languages


For those of you who are interested, you can now enjoy playing Magic Survival in different language options, which will certainly make the game a lot more accessible. Feel free to choose your preferred languages and start having fun with the game whenever you’re ready.


Use Google Cloud save to protect your data


To make sure that you won’t lose your important in-game data, Magic Survival gamers can now make uses of Google Cloud save to synchronize their in-game progress. Simply connect to your Google Play Service account so you can always return to where you left, even when playing on different devices or have the game deleted.


Enjoy the offline gameplay on the go


To make the game more accessible, Magic Survival gamers can also enjoy the offline version of Magic Survival on their mobile devices. Here, there is no need to turn on your mobile data or to look for active Wi-Fi connections, just to start playing the game. Simply enter and start having fun whenever you’re ready.


Free to play


Despite all the exciting features, Magic Survival is still free for all Android gamers to enjoy on their mobile devices. As a result, you can simply pick up the free app from the Google Play Store and start having fun with the game whenever you want.


Have access to our unlocked mod for free


With the free game still having ads that can bother you, together with in-app purchases that you need to pay to unlock, Magic Survival gamers might want to consider our modded version of the game instead. Here, we offer the modified app with removed ads and unlimited in-game money, thus allowing you to make the most of its features without having to pay anything. Simply download the Magic Survival Mod APK on our website then follow the given instructions to have it properly installed.


Visual and sound quality


Graphics


Despite the simple 2D graphics, Magic Survival still manages to impress mobile gamers with its unique and exotic art styles. And if anything, it’s even more exciting for you to just dive into the in-game levels, have fun playing the top-down shooter gameplay, experiencing cool animations and unique visual effects. And of course, the undemanding 2D graphics will make sure that you can enjoy the smooth and satisfying gameplay of Magic Survival on all your Android devices.


Sound & Music


And at the same time, mobile gamers in Magic Survival will also find themselves enjoying powerful and immersive soundtracks throughout their in-game experiences. Plus, the awesome sound effects will also make the actions a lot more exciting.


Final thoughts


Get ready to join your favorite wizards in their epic quests of cleansing the world from the evil spirits. Enjoy playing the addictive top-down shooter levels with the survival and action themes. Explore a wide range of different weapons and unique abilities that you can make uses of. And never stop having fun with the game, thanks to its endless and escalating levels.


Magic Survival MOD APK v0.8593 (Unlimited Money, Unlocked)


The supernatural world is the best place to test your courage. Magic Survival is gameplay that comes up with terrifying challenges and missions. The decisive goal is to survive against the waves of ogres with your magical prowess. The brutal enemy is treacherous and holds various magical powers that have created a mess among humankind. To eradicate this unrest in the region, you must come forward with your enchanted strengths. Fight against them and destroy all scary creatures. Roguelike gameplay brings multiple challenges for the players. Enjoy a unique combative experience in a wide fanatical world.


Rich Gameplay with Refreshing Entertainment


Magic Survival features an exciting storyline where players get divine powers to fight against evils. Being a lone survivor, it’s pretty disturbing for the players and offers great hardships. Detailed graphics create a great gaming environment for the players. Are you desperate to show the world your enchanting prowess? Just come to the battlefield and start destroying the rivalry. Entertaining stuff brings lots of happiness and a great user experience for the players.


A journey full of Adversities


Circumstances will not remain similar as you’ll face significant consequences in the game. Magic Survival is a test of your mind and courage, how you utilize your tactics against the furious enemy. Diverse challenges await you on the way to survival. Resist the real threat of peace. Enemies are eager to tear you apart in pieces. While mighty bosses can cause great destruction in the region. It’s time to warm your blood with aggression and hit the enemy.


Skill-Switching


The varied attack can cause massive chaos and stun your enemy. Change the horses during the journey, and with a series of diversifying attacks, you can enhance the stress of your enemy. Turn your game in a new way and make it more entertaining after changing your strategy. Don’t forget, it could be disastrous too, and you may have to face notable challenges that will raise your worry. Fascinating gameplay will never let you get jaded.


Acquire New Skills and Weaponry


Modern equipment will raise your strength and provide an easier way to brawl against the enemy. Collect lethal weapons that also will change your fighting experience and deliver a crazy experience for the players. On the way to survival, you must gather more mythical skills to conquer the mission.


Console Control and Top-Notch Graphics


Dodge monsters with your ultimate fighting techniques and hit the weakened zone so you might get an advantage. Intuitive controls make this game fascinating to play. Magic Survival is one step next to the other games and is a superb combination of smooth control, in-depth graphics, and thrilling action gameplay. All you can find in one frame. Slay waves of monsters with your devastating spells and win a glorious victory.


Mod Features



  
Mode Menu

  
Massive Damage

  
Never Ending Life (Unlimited Health)

  
Unlimited Money/ Gems

  
Free Shopping

  
Research Points Increased




What’s New



  
Class System Added: Get to a higher rank by collecting Class Points.

  
New Artifact added

  
Mastery System Detached

  
A unique currency system that will change your points into Gold and Gems

  
New Maps and Locations Added




Conclusion


Download the latest Magic Survival and plunge into the endless adventure. You can try unique battling techniques with fatal weapons and mythical skills. Conflict against monster bosses across different locations and bring victory to home. Have fun on your survival journey.
