Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Merge Planes Empire v1.3.55 APK + MOD (Unlimited Money)


Download Merge Planes Empire MOD APK 1.3.55 (Unlimited Money) for Android - Free - Latest. Merge Planes Empire is published by Panther & Leopard (Google Play: com.pantherandleopard.mergeplane).

NameMerge Planes EmpireGenreSimulationVersion1.3.55DevelopersPanther & LeopardIDcom.pantherandleopard.mergeplaneSize83MbRequirement5.1MOD FeaturesUnlimited MoneyDownload1,000,000+Rating4.7 

Features MOD APK of Merge Planes Empire


MENU MOD



  
Unlimited Money.

  
Unlimited Gems.

  
Unlimited Diamonds.

  
Unlocked Characters.

  
High Dame.

  
Onehit.

  
God Mode.




Install Merge Planes Empire MOD APK



  
You can download it by clicking the download button below the article. Then wait a few seconds for the system to automatically download the Merge Planes Empire MOD APK / DATA file

  
To install software anywhere else, you have to enable installation from third-party sources.

  
Enable the "Unknown Sources" setting: Go to Menu > Settings > Security > and check for unknown sources so that your phone can install applications from sources other than the Google Play Store.

  
Once you have completed the above step, you can go to the "Download" folder in the file manager and click on the downloaded MOD APK file.




After the installation is complete, you can open the application and experience as usual.


Note: Before installing the APK MOD, you need to uninstall the original version or another MOD version.


About Merge Planes Empire


Merge Planes Mod APK will make you a significantly idle boss, and you just have to enjoy the fun that the game brings. Start working with planes and control everything to your liking. 


The game will simulate the formation of luxury planes, and your task is to control the activities that take place in this game. You will be transformed into a talented tycoon to develop your business and make your name.


START THE QUEST IN THE CENTRAL RUNWAY


Merge Planes will bring the you a completely new game space with unique and attractive features only in this game. Starting the game, you will be in the role of a tycoon who has all the fun and the business is yours. The given mission is significantly idle, and you just need to use simple operations to control the construction of the aircraft and check its quality. The game will provide you with more than 30 different types of aircraft for you to collect and craft the best products while managing your runway well.


JOIN PLANES AND FLY THEM


The game will give you the perfect playing space, and you need to do the tasks well simple given in each level. After completing the planes you will start merging them to make them invincible. Also, you need to assemble a powerful fleet of planes and arrange them to fit the runway to start the journey of competition between planes. In addition, you will have the opportunity to collect gold coins after each flight to the finish line and continue to repair to create perfect versions.


UPGRADE ROUTES AND GET REWARDS


At each level there will be different challenges that require you to complete the goal to be able to enter a new level with more exciting things. However, you need to update the best Central Runway to match each level, and the game will give you attractive rewards after updating to the latest version. All you have to do is come up with smart strategies to win on the track and compete with other players to win. Become the most idle tycoon and build your own empire.


KEY FEATURES



  
Join the idle business simulation game and build your own business with unique planes running operations simple to control operations

  
The game will provide you with more than 30 types of aircraft with many different modes for you to enjoy; your task is to combine them to make a great plane

  
You will be driven to the Central Runway, where the aircraft will be merged and ready for combat;you need to start and control for the plane to move and reach the finish line

  
At later levels, you need to upgrade the Runway to continue the mission; moreover, the game will give you attractive rewards after each level you beat

  
Compete freely with other players, and you need to come up with the perfect strategies to win. This is your time to become the richest boss




Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)


Q. How to download Merge Planes Empire on ApkSoul.io?


To download Merge Planes Empire Apk Mod, please click on the download button at the top of the article or at the end of this article. You will then find the Apk file on ApkSoul.io's “Download” page. Follow the necessary instructions and you will download Merge Planes Empire MOD APK (Unlimited Money) for free.


The installation steps after downloading most game mod apk are the same. Open menu, settings, security and search for unknown sources so your phone can install apps from sources other than Google Play Store, ApkSoul.io. Go to the “Downloads” folder on your device and click on the downloaded file. Then install and launch it on your phone. Wait a moment for the device to install the game mod apk.


Q. Is it safe to download Merge Planes Empire APK Mod (Unlimited Money) on ApkSoul.io?


When the user downloads the Apk file from ApkSoul.io, we will check the relevant APK file on Google Play and let the user download it directly. The games and applications uploaded to our website are safe and harmless to users.


Q. Why do you need permission to install Merge Planes Empire Mod Hack (Unlimited Money) ?


The app needs access to the system on your device. When you install an application, you will be notified of all the permissions required to run the application.


Overview


Merge Planes Empire (com.pantherandleopard.mergeplane) is a game mod apk on Android, download the latest version of Merge Planes Empire Hack Mod (Unlimited Money) 2022 for Android. This game mod apk can be played for free and does not require root.


Merge Planes Empire MOD APK (Unlimited Money) APK + OBB 2022 can be downloaded and installed on your android device with android version 4.1 or higher. Download this game mod apk using your favorite browser and click install to install the game mod apk. Downloading (com.pantherandleopard.mergeplane) APK + DATA of Merge Planes Empire (Unlimited Money) from ApkSoul.io is easier and faster.


Merge Plane Cheats: Tips & Guide to Get All Planes (2020)


Time to become an airline giant! Merge Plane is an idle game where you take control of your very own airplane parking apron! Buy planes and merge them into new ones – who knows what you are going to get next? Our Merge Plane cheats and tips will show you how to get all the planes in the game.


As long as you keep merging at the right time, you should do just fine in Merge Plane. We have a couple tips on how to maximize your profits, so let’s get started with our Merge Plane cheats, tips and tricks strategy guide to get all planes!


Wait for freebie planes!


If you prefer to save your coins, you can wait a while. Periodically the game will spawn in a free lower level plane for you, provided you have an open spot in your parking apron.


Because of this, you can simply wait if you have a lot of time to earn new planes without spending a dime.


Note that you must have the game open and running for this to occur, as planes will not spawn in when the game is closed.


Buy planes but watch out for the prices!


You can skip the wait and buy planes directly from the shop. Their prices are equal to your current player level.


For example, certain higher rank planes will cost gems, but once you rank up they will cost normal coins instead.


Keep in mind one important thing: plane prices are individually priced and they permanently increase every time you buy one. Buying a bunch of level 1 planes is super cheap early on, but the more you do it the more expensive it gets. Don’t be surprised when they start costing 5,000+ coins!


To avoid one plane getting too expensive, try to balance out your purchases. Buy a bunch of level 1 planes, then buy level 2, and so forth.


A good idea here is to look at the actual price of a lower level plane and compare it with the next level plane. Taking the example above, if your lvl 1 Caproni costs 5,000 coins and the level 2 plane is 8,000, the latter is more advantageous to purchase.


But if it costs 12,000, buy two level ones and merge them for a cost-effective way of progressing through the game!


Always have your top plane on the track!


When you’re not merging, you should always have one plane that is your highest level. This plane should always be on the track as it will generate a lot of coins for you.


As you wait for new planes to spawn in, your plane will continue to bring in the dough. When you are done playing the game, be sure to place as many planes on the track as you can for maximum away-profit.


Even when playing the game it is a good idea to keep as many planes as possible running on the track: this means more money for you. But definitely don’t forget to fill it up before logging off for maximum profits!


Activate the coin booster and double speed!


At any point you can activate the double speed booster, which doubles the speed of all your planes, effectively doubling your profits. You can activate it by either paying a small gem fee or watching an advertisement.


While this is great on it’s own, it can get even better! A UFO will fly across the top of the screen occasionally – tap on it to see what bonus it’s offering. If you watch the advertisement, it will activate its bonus.


The most coveted bonus is the 5x coin multiplier which dramatically increases your income by the hour. If you activate that bonus with the double speed, prepare to watch coins rain from the sky!


Keep your track filled!


The only time your track shouldn’t be maxed out is when you are actively playing the game and merging your planes often.


Any other times you should throw all of your planes on the track – even your low level ones, as they will still generate coins for you!


Have in mind that if you have 10 planes running at the same time on the track will give you an income boost, which will usually mean better money made even if you have lower level planes running around (instead of under 10 high level ones).


That’s all for Merge Plane! Just keep merging and leveling up and you will have all the planes! If you have any other tips to share, let us know in the comments below!


We are hiring game guide writers!


Touch, Tap, Play is looking for experienced writers to produce guides for popular mobile and Nintendo Switch titles. If mobile gaming is your passion and you want to get paid to create guides, you’re in the right place. Check out our job ad today!


104 Comments


Merge Plane Cheats: Tips & Guide to Get All Planes (2020)


104 COMMENTS


Star Trek opened for me after Lv 40 plane. OR it’s a coincident the event was released at the same time…


Wow! Looks like I lucked out and got in early on a (relatively) new game! I downloaded this to my iPhone a couple of days ago, and am HORRIBLY addicted to it. I’ll offer a few things I’ve discovered, so far. 1) Be prepared to watch a s**tload of ads. I mean, almost non-stop. The good news about this is that you can do things with your phone on your desk, for example, and just reach over occasionally and tap a button to watch a new ad. I find this particularly useful to get Double Speed going. Double Speed is sold in increments of 150 seconds, at the price of 3 gems or an ad watch. The ad watch is surprisingly easy for me: I have my phone by my keyboard, and with peripheral vision, I can see when an ad has concluded. Reach over with left hand and close the ad and start another one, two finger taps. Several times in a row and you’ve built up 30 minutes of Double Speed! OCD? Hells yeah! But because you’re watching all these ads, make sure you… 2) Keep a phone charger handy! This game, played aggressively, mows through a phone battery like a hungry goat through a pile of garbage. One small trick: turn your screen brightness down as low as you can stand it. 3) Keep your track filled with planes, but focus on keeping higher-rank planes. Example: If you have 6 planes on your track, better to have a 4-4-4-3-3-1 combination than a 6-6-2-1-1-1. I try to fill up as many slots with my highest power plane (right now, it’s an 11, the Dolphin) before I boot up to the next level plane. 4) Watch the SHOP for FREE PLANES! Every few minutes, a sign will start bouncing in front of the shop. This is an opportunity to watch a video for a free plane. When you first start the game, the free plane is a 3 (MiG-3) … but as you progress through the levels of the game, that free plane also goes up the ladder. My free plane for the past day or so has been the 7 (F2A-3). 5) My boxes (gold boxes, whatever they’re called) no longer bring me the 1 (Caproni) planes. Lowest I see drop down is 2 (Spitfire), and I’m seeing right now a mix of 2 and 3 planes being dropped, with 3 being more prominent. I can still buy Caproni planes in the store, but why would I? I’ve outgrown them. I expect that in another couple of days, I’ll outgrow the Spitfires, as well. Keep in mind that your game level does not necessarily correspond with the highest plane on your track. I now have two or three Dolphins, but I’m at game level 15. Looking at the store, I see spaces all the way up to a 30 (with the shadow/silhouette of 27 looking an awful lot like an X-Wing from “Star Wars!”). –R


Why are you suggesting below, if 5 is more than double 4 coins and 6 is more than double 5 wouldn’t concentrating at the higher end get more coins faster? Better to have a 4-4-4-3-3-1 combination than a 6-6-2-1-1-1.


Because of the amount of coins generated. Total amount of several mid planes is higher than few high + tons of small planes. Also have in mind that you should have all lanes occupied, you’ll get a bonus for that.


I disagree. It takes 3 lv.1 planes to beat 1 lv.2 plane but 1 lv. 2 plane and 1lv.1 plane is better. You need 9.lv1 planes to beat 1lv.3 plane but you can use those lv.1 planes to make 2 lv.3 planes with 1 lv.1 which is more than 9 lv.1 planes. So it’s always better to merge whenever possible


When you merge two planes the merged plane is always slightly better than the 2 original planes so it is better to merge. However, if you fill up the track with 10 planes you get a bonus. So you want to keep 10 planes at all times but don’t merge until the track runs out of room because the premium you earn from merging is smaller than the 10 plane bonus. It is slightly more advantageous to merge 2 higher level planes than to merge 2 lower level ones. Therefore, your board will have a few high level planes you merged at the earliest opportunity, but you also have a lot of the lowest level planes just to keep the track full to earn the bonus, for example, 14-12-9-8-5-5-5-5-5-5.


I am currently ranked #2 and slowly climbing my way to the #1 spot. Here are my tips for climbing the fastest (including a glitch i will cover at the end). 1: If your lvl 1 plane costs 5k buy lvl 2 planes untill they cost 10k and then the lvl 3 plane untill it costs 20k and so on. Each lvl increase should allways double the price. 2. Having 10 planes on the track will hand you a small boost to your income so merging isn’t allways the best option unless you can quickly fill up the track again. Now for the glitch… 
You can, with this glitch, have the 5x money and double speed boosts active for as long as you want (as long as you don’t close the game or switch to another app). To Make this happen go into your device’s settings and adjust the date to some time in the future. I set mine to 3 days ahead. After that open the game and click the UFO untill you get the 5x income boost for an ad watch. After watching the ad quickly go and watch an ad for double speed boost. If done correctly the gold rain will not go away. Once the double speed boost timer reaches Zero it will go back up to 99:99 and start counting down again. I have a total of 16.75x gold when I have my game open with this.


During the Middle Ages, the Knights of the Round Table tried with their Merlin devices, playing one of the more popular jousting games of the time, “Merge Knight.” King Arthur found out and dropped the hammer on them. This is probably the single oldest trick in the book. Many developers catch onto it and weed out the glitch, and a few have gone even further. I think it was CSR Racing (the first one, back in 2012 or 2013) where developers found out about this, and snuck a piece of code into one of the updates. Players/users updated the game, tried to mess with their device settings and were soon greeted with a warning sign the next time they fired up the game, and several of the things they’d worked hard for (cars, money etc) had been reset to “0”. YMMV … but I use my phone for far too many other things, especially calendar events and reminders, to fool around with these settings for some petty little game.
