Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



egormkn/minecraft-spoofer


This commit does not belong to any branch on this repository, and may belong to a fork outside of the repository.


Name already in use


A tag already exists with the provided branch name. Many Git commands accept both tag and branch names, so creating this branch may cause unexpected behavior. Are you sure you want to create this branch?


Sign In Required


Please sign in to use Codespaces.


Launching GitHub Desktop


If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.


Launching GitHub Desktop


If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.


Launching Xcode


If nothing happens, download Xcode and try again.


Launching Visual Studio Code


Your codespace will open once ready.


There was a problem preparing your codespace, please try again.


The #1 Spoofing
solution for your server


Spoof supports most major Minecraft server versions starting from 1.8!


Undetectable


Spoof stays out of your plugins and command lists to ensure complete anonominity!


Simplicity


Set up Spoof on your server in under 5 minutes. It's that easy!


Real Players


Players created by spoof appear just like real players!


Spigot & Bungeecord


Supports spoofing on bungeecord servers and individual spigot servers!


Sustainability


AbyssDev still supports it's products dating back 5 years! We aren't going anywhere!


About Spoof


It's a fact players want to join the most popular servers. The more players a server has, the more players will join. That's why every server needs Spoof, The Ultimate Spoofer! Spoof is extremely realistic and difficult to detect, resulting in the impression of a server looking popular - allowing for a quick return on investment. 
Spoof is targeted at server owners looking to take their server to the next level by spoofing a fraction of their real player count with realistic fake players. Spoofed players appear in the world (when toggled), and have the ability to pick up items, alongside interacting with plugins, as real players would. 
Anyone can use Spoof's most basic features and can upgrade to the premium version for only $10/mo! The premium version of Spoof offers additional features to make the spoofed players look and interact even more like real players.


Not convinced?


Join the AbyssDev discord and open a ticket! We'll happily answer any questions.
