Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



MiXplorer Silver File Manager v6.61.6-Silver APK (Paid + Plugins)


To save, organize and remove files on the phone is not simple and takes too many manual operations. Therefore, if you are having trouble finding a simple application to manage essential files on your Android device, this article will introduce you to a handy application. MiXplorer Silver – File Manager, is one of the most popular file management applications today with extremely outstanding uses and features.


WHY NEED TO USE A FILE MANAGEMENT APP


Before diving into the features and uses of the application, users need to understand why it is essential to immediately set up a file manager application on their Android device. This is a tough job, especially for memory overloads when full of junk files, unnecessary files, or even files full of viruses. Moreover, every time searching or organizing photos, videos or documents is not an easy thing.


PAID DIFFERENT FILE MANAGER


MiX Silver is a handy file manager as it can move, backup, rename, share and compress files, including application-specific MiXplorer file formats or file formats. Additional plugins like Archiver, Image, Tagger, and PDF need to be paid to support the app’s development on the device and update new features regularly to provide many other attractive utilities for users.


OBJECTS USED ON DIFFERENT DEVICES


The software has an outstanding screen interface and is exceptionally easy to use. Therefore, it is especially suitable for advanced users with many different needs and even just starting to know this file management software. Not only that, but MiX Silver is also responsive to many Android devices with all configurations and performance. Just a phone with Android 2.2 or higher running, users can enjoy this application.


CUSTOMIZE MENU, OPERATION BUTTONS, AND CONTROL PANEL


Users will also enjoy a multitude of outstanding special features that the application has to offer. First, you can choose custom modes with any color you like on the screen interface. Next is for menu options or operation buttons; users can completely arrange, activate or even disable them when not needed. In addition, users are also supported to add dual panels in three modes of landscape and drag and drop between panels.


EASY TASK WITH OUTSTANDING FEATURES IN THE DIGITAL SYSTEM


Coming to MiX Silver, users are allowed to browse unlimited tabs, and especially tasks such as copying, moving, or removing folders are also done quickly. Not only that, each folder is arranged with different views, and users can ultimately choose to name each folder. For these folders, the application automatically customizes the marking system on the types of folders or files that have been classified for easy identification by users.


SEARCH FUNCTION, ADVANCED coding


Not only that, in addition to recognizing folders from the highlighting feature, the application also supports advanced search functions. With this feature, users only need to click on the information related to the folder they are looking for; the screen will automatically display the provided data. What’s more, for file encryption and decryption, using the Aescrypt file format and other add-ons such as Media Player + VLC codecs also make it more convenient for players to use.


MULTI-FUNCTIONAL DRAWING AND DISPLAY FEATURES


Although it is a file manager application, the application also can edit text or edit accompanying code sequences in a powerful and fast way. They are formatted in a variety of fonts that users can freely choose. All are displayed under the HTML viewer and font viewer built into the application. The application also supports reading for each file for file formats like EPub, Mobipocket, PDF, and more.


IMPORT, EXPORT, STORAGE, PACKAGING, AND COMPRESSION FEATURES


The application is also praised for its ability to export and import custom tabs and interfaces, which are optionally automatic on the application or manually manipulated by the user. Besides, it is indispensable to have a handy storage feature on cloud storage with many free cloud synchronization services. In addition, the packing and unpacking process is also split and encrypted in countless 7z, Zip, or Zip64 files and many more.


VERSION WITH MULTIPLE CHANGES THE US


For the previous version, folders deleted from the folder list sometimes still exist in the application memory. However, in this feature, unnecessary folders are automatically deleted thoroughly and quickly. In addition, users are free to enjoy various viewing modes on various devices, especially those without touch screens. Moreover, some optimizations on TV are also completed and updated by the application regularly.


This can be considered an application containing all the outstanding features that hardly any other application of the same genre can do. MiXplorer Silver is guaranteed to be an extremely reputable and quality place for you to trust to leave all the files on your device for it to handle.


MiXplorer Silver File Manager v6.61.6-Silver APK (Paid + Plugins) Download


You are now ready to download MiXplorer Silver for free. Here are some notes:



  
Please read our MOD Info and installation instructions carefully for the game & app to work properly

  
Downloading via 3rd party software like IDM, ADM (Direct link) is currently blocked for abuse reasons.




MiXplorer Silver File Manager v6.61.6


Free Download MiXplorer Silver - File Manager Pro MOD Version Unlocked Ad-Free APK for Android Phones and Tablets. It is an advanced file manager and file archiver.


Overview of MiXplorer Silver File Manager Pro APK for Android


This is a bundle of MiXplorer file manager and Archiver, SMB2, Image, Tagger, Metadata, and PDF add-ons as a paid app to support the development of MiXplorer.


Features of the App



  
Easily themable with a customization option that lets you select any color you like

  
Sort, disable and enable all menu options and action buttons

  
Unlimited Tabbed browsing, Dual panel in landscape mode, and drag & drop between panels are also supported

  
Easily create Tasks to multitask, Copy, and Move operations

  
Various view modes and sorting options for each folder separately

  
Customizable bookmarks drawer with essential file types already categorized

  
Advanced search functions

  
Html viewer, which supports MHT, Markdown, AXml, CHM, MAFF

  
EPub, Mobipocket, and PDF reader add-on

  
Root access for all advanced operations

  
EncFS volumes are supported for all storage

  
File encryption and decryption using Aescrypt file format

  
FTP/HTTP Server built in + TCP server to receive files from other devices using MiX (Send-to option)

  
Image Viewer (it supports GIF, SVG, TGA, and ICO)

  
Media Player + VLC codecs add-on

  
Powerful Text Editor and Code Editor

