Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Monster Hitman Sniper


As a popular drink, many people enjoy the taste of Monster Hitman Sniper. For your health, it is also important to know how much caffeine is in Monster Hitman Sniper so you can gauge its strength. Understanding the amount of caffeine and sugar in Monster Hitman Sniper is critical to deciding just how much of this drink is safe to have.


To help you improve your health, we've created this guide to determine the caffeine content and sugar levels and whether these amounts are low, medium or high compared to other drinks on the market.


How Much Caffeine in Monster Hitman Sniper


The caffeine content in Monster Hitman Sniper is 240.00 mg per 3.00 fl. oz bottle. In comparison, this means the caffeine levels of Monster Hitman Sniper are VERY HIGH. However, it is also important to remember that Monster Hitman Sniper contains 0.00 grams of sugar.


Monster Hitman Sniper Caffeine Content


While Monster Hitman Sniper caffeine can be VERY HIGH, the key is moderation. Ultimately, the caffeine in Monster Hitman Sniper is safe; all that matters is how much of it you drink.


To learn more about the amount of caffeine in different energy drinks, shots, coffee or tea, check out other products we've researched.


Monster Hitman Sniper


Monster Hitman Sniper is a cherry flavored energy shot from Monster.


This product is being phased out, but is still available until supplies run out.


Monster Energy decided to market their Worx Energy Shot line and phase out Monster Hitman.


Review


This review was completed by an independent drink reviewer and does not necessarily reflect the views or beliefs of this site.


Monster Hitman Energy Shots are no longer in production.


Instead Monster is marketing the energy shot called Worx.


It used to be when you walked up to the counter at the convenience store, you'd find ridiculous novelty candies, cans of chewing tobacco, a case of mini-thins, and the obligatory rack of patriotically shaped butane lighters.


Now it's a sea of multicolored bottles, the energy shot. I have never found the energy shot so amazing that it demanded my $3; I prefer the slow release of a 16oz can. So I've eye-balled the counter, watching as new products have popped in and out, usually nameless derivatives of one another.


I've had the 5 hour energy, and the 6 hour energy, and the 7 hour extreme energy, I'm still waiting for the 10 hour extreme explosion energy that will inevitably come. None of these have any personality and seem to be marketed towards truck drivers and third shift nurses. It wasn't until I saw Monster and Rockstar jump into the ring that I had any interest at all. The original Monster Hitman was strong and pretty tasty for a shot. There are now two new flavors available so I took Sniper out for a test drive.


Taste


One of the unifying characteristics of energy shots is that they taste terrible. Energy ingredients taste terrible and when you only have 2 ounces of liquid to counteract their awfulness, you're not likely to succeed. I'm sure somebody out there craves the taste of 5 hour energy berry, but it's definitely not me. Monster added an ounce to their shots, presumably to add some sugary fruit flavor and the result is much easier on the palate. Sniper has a kind of children's cherry cough medicine vibe to it that isn't half bad.


Ingredients


Sniper is loaded with energy goodies. B Vitamins, Taurine, Glucose, Guarana, Ginseng, etc. The primary energy blend is 5000mg with an estimated 240 mg of caffeine!


Energy


POW! The preceding has been a textual simulation of the fast acting surge of energy one gets from consuming a Monster Hitman Sniper shot. It really hits you right in the face. I was tingling all over moments after inhaling it and didn't settle down for many hours after. This little bottle will light you up, I don't recommend it for those who have to sit at a desk all day.


Verdict


I would absolutely say this is the best shot I've ever had. The taste doesn't gag me and the energy is STRONG. I don't get as much enjoyment for my $2.99, but if I'm looking for a pure energy rush I know right where to look. Bravo, Monster. You've outdone yourself with this one.


You can buy Monster Hitman in bulk here for 2.25 a bottle.


Ingredients in Monster Hitman Sniper


Is Monster Hitman Sniper high in caffeine?


Monster Hitman Sniper contains 80.00 mg of caffeine per fl oz (270.51 mg per 100 ml). A 3 fl oz bottle has a total of 240 mg of caffeine.
