Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



GTA 5 Cheats Bike: Here Are All The GTA 5 Cheats For Bikes On The PC And Xbox/PlayStation


Have you finished playing through the storyline of GTA 5 and are now looking for GTA 5 cheats bike? Check out our guide to find the cheats you want.


Have you finished playing through the storyline of GTA 5 and are now looking for GTA 5 cheats for a bike? Or have you simply experienced enough of the chaos and wackiness of the city of Los Santos and just want to find some GTA 5 cheats for bike? Either way, you want to spawn your favorite vehicle and ride around either in a flashy sports bike or a BMX bike. Whatever you want to do, you'd need GTA 5 cheats bike to make it possible. Refer to GTA 5 download for Android to experience the game on your mobile device as well.


To bring up the vehicle you want, you need to input certain codes which are bike cheat GTA 5 on PC or Xbox/PlayStation. It's all done very simply by knowing the right source, for example, you just typed "who can write my papers " into the search box, and if you choose the right service site, you will have a high grade and save yourself a lot of time as a result. Some of the GTA 5 cheats for a bike are fast and agile sports bikes, but some are only good for slowly strolling around Los Santos leisurely. With GTA 5 cheats bikes that you want will appear instantly.


To bring up the vehicle you want, you need to input certain codes which are bike cheat GTA 5 on PC or Xbox/PlayStation. Some of the GTA 5 cheats for a bike are fast and agile sports bikes, but some are only good to slowly stroll around Los Santos leisurely. With GTA 5 cheats bikes that you want will appear instantly.


While the world of GTA 5 is simply gigantic and detailed and summoning bikes that let you get from one place to another quickly is extremely fun, there are also other cheat codes that are not just GTA 5 cheats bike, but can make you invincible or give you unlimited ammo. But this article will only focus on bike cheat only, so keep that in mind.


GTA 5 cheats bike instructions


As we probably already know, GTA 5 cheats bikes do not work in GTA Online, so singleplayer/story is the only mode you can use them. To use the cheat codes on your PC, just go into your story mode game, bring up the console using the tilde (~) key, and type in your GTA 5 cheats for a bike.


In GTA 5, you can either use cheat codes or dial a number on your phone


Another way to use the cheat codes is to bring up your mobile phone and dial a number that can help you spawn your vehicle. Both the normal cheat codes and the mobile phone numbers to spawn GTA 5 bikes are available below. There is no difference in using either method, so just pick the one you are most comfortable with.


Here are the detailed steps to activating your GTA 5 cheats bike:



  
First, save your game: Before using any GTA 5 cheats for a bike, you must always save your game prior to activating any cheat, for vehicles or otherwise. It's because when you use cheat codes, you cannot earn achievements until you restart your game.

  
Find the cheat you want: Simply pick and choose from a number of cheats below to find the vehicle you want.



  
Bring up the console: To bring up the in-game console, simply find the tilde (~) key on the upper left of your keyboard. The in-game console should look like a dev menu into which you can enter commands similar to other games. And like other games, the console allows you to input your cheat codes for bike in GTA 5.

  
Type in the cheat code: Once you've brought up the in-game console, just enter your cheat code that matches perfectly with one of the codes below and press ENTER.

  
Confirm cheat code entry: If you've done everything correctly and put in the right code, a message should show up on your screen that says the cheat code is active.




GTA 5 cheats for bike on consoles


If you are on consoles, you would need to input commands on your controller by hitting the buttons in a sequence. Hitting those buttons in a sequence correctly activates the GTA 5 cheats bike you are looking for. We've also put those sequences further down the article so keep reading.


On the consoles, you can hit the controller buttons in a sequence to activate a cheat


You have to enter the code in all caps and get the vehicle you want. You can spawn the fastest and most agile sports bike cheat GTA 5 to win races or a simple bicycle to take in the Los Santos scenery while traveling. Once again, we must remind you that you do not save your game while a cheat code is being active. You can use as many cheats and have as much chaotic fun as you want, but saving your game would lock out certain trophies or achievements. Whether or not you are on PC or consoles, you should always remember this rule.


Without further ado, here are the GTA 5 cheats for bike on the PC, both the in-game console codes and the dial numbers, and the button sequences for the PS4/PS3 and Xbox One/Xbox 360:


GTA 5 cheats bike (1/2)


BMX Bike


If you just want a simple bicycle to stroll around and enjoy the world of Los Santos, then spawning the BMX Bike is what you want to do. Use the following cheat codes to immediately spawn a BMX Bike whereever you want:



  
Xbox One/Xbox 360: B, LB, Y, RT, A, X, B, RIGHT, X, LB, LB, LB

  
PS4/PS3: CIRCLE, L1, TRIANGLE, R2, X, SQUARE, CIRCLE, RIGHT, SQUARE, L1, L1, L1

  
PC: TURTLE

  
Cell Phone: 1-999-887-853




Maibatsu Sanchez


If biking around leisurely is not enough and you need a bike to go off-road, then spawning a dirt-bike like the Sanchez should do the job. It's not the fastest bike you can spawn but it is great for traversing difficult terrains. Here are the cheat codes:



  
Xbox One/Xbox 360: B, A, LB, B, B, LB, B, RB, RT, LT, LB, LB

  
PS4/PS3: Circle, X, L1, Circle, Circle, L1, Circle, R1, R2, L2, L1, L1

  
PC: OFFROAD

  
Cell Phone: 1-999-633-7623




GTA 5 cheats bike (2/2)


Shitzu PCJ 600


This is the fastest and most agile motorbike you can spawn with a GTA 5 cheat code. The PCJ 600 is certainly as fast as it looks good. Use these cheats to spawn the PCJ 600:



  
Xbox One/Xbox 360: RB, Right, Left, Right, RT, Left, Right, X, Right, LT, LB, LB

  
PS4/PS3: R1, Right, Left, Right, R2, Left, Right, Square Right, L2, L1, L1

  
PC: ROCKET

  
Cell Phone: 1-999-762-538




Slow Motion


This is not a cheat code to spawn bikes, but it is pretty useful for when you are riding a motorbike. Bikes get you around quickly but in GTA 5, it's quite easy to get knocked off your bike compared to previous games. Put in these codes to activate slow motion, and enter them again to deactivate it:



  
Xbox One/Xbox 360: Y, Left, Right, Right, X, RT, RB

  
PS4/PS3: Triangle, Left, Right, Right, Square, R2, R1

  
PC: SLOWMO

  
Cell Phone: 1-999-756-966




So these were all the bikes that you can spawn in cheat codes for bike in GTA 5, dial numbers or button sequences. There are only 3 bikes you can spawn using cheat codes and each one is very different from another.


GTA 5 is different from previous GTA games in that the amount of vehicles you can spawn is pretty limited, but that makes the vehicles you can acquire in the game more valuable. Also a lot of the common cheats like instant money are not in the game, although GTA 5's storyline gives you a lot of money anyway.


There's a lot of ways to make lots of money in GTA 5 so maybe that's why there's no money cheats


While you might not get to spawn the Rhino tank or give yourself instant money in GTA 5, the game gives you plenty of opportunities to earn different vehicles and make tons of money anyway, so just play and enjoy the game!


Interested in more guides and instructions on gaming like our guide on GTA 5 cheats bike? Check out our website at GuruGamer.com for more!


If you are interested in audio to text transcription, Transcriberry is probably the best service with 99% accuracy.


Spawn PCJ Motorbike GTA 5 Cheat Demo Video


The PCJ is probably a motorbike best described as a perfect cross. It's not a full blown sports bike, but then again it's not your usual cruiser. It has some speed when you need it and is easy to ride, but doesn't require your full attention 110% of time like a sports bike does (if you don't want to crash). In fact, we think it's the perfect all round bike for GTA 5. Spawn one today!



  
Xbox 360/Xbox One: RB, Right, Left, Right, RT, Left, Right, X, Right, LT, LB, LB

  
PS3/PS4: R1, Right, Left, Right, R2, Left, Right, Square Right, L2, L1, L1

  
PC: ROCKET

  
Cell Phone: 1-999-762-538




Looking for ALL the GTA 5 Cheats? We have them for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and of course all the cell phone cheat numbers.


Posted by Matt Gibbs 


Matt first came across the Grand Theft Auto series when he rented GTA III from his local video store, and it's been an obsession since. After playing through every GTA game since then, he decided to start GTA BOOM (initially GTA5Cheats.com) in preparation for the launch of GTA V and as a way to document the hype, news and rumors about the then upcoming game. When Matt isn’t editing the content on GTA Boom, you’ll find him working on the server or making other improvements to the site, helping to update our library of guides and make them more useful for readers. Find Matt on LinkedIn or Twitter.
