Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



My Talking Angela Game Online Play


Have you always wanted a cute pet? In this game you get a pet. And not just any pet, but a cute little kitten! Imagine how cute and fun your life will be with this pet! Press the start button and meet beautiful Angela.


Little kitten


One day you’re walking home when you hear a strange sound. Turns out someone had left a little white kitten in the street. And you were the only one who could pick it up and rescue it from the street. And so your beautiful story begins. You meet a cute kitten and start taking care of it.


Your main goal is to make your pet happy and live a better life. You have a big apartment full of different rooms where you can fulfill your needs. You have to feed it, bathe it, play with it and make its bed. That way she’s always ready for a new adventure. You can be sure that travelling to different interesting places will be fun and exciting. Take care of his needs.


In this game you have to take care of this little pet. First of all, it needs food. In the kitchen you will find all the necessary ingredients and tasty treats. After a delicious meal, he wants to take a bath. In the bathroom you can get all the bombs and shower gels that will make him smell like flowers.


How about some fun? In a separate room you can play with him with a ball and other toys. You can also try a series of fun mini-games here. Angela is a regular pet, though, so she needs a good night’s sleep too. Go to the bedroom and say goodnight. You can say stop and come back to her in the morning.


What other activities?


You have to travel to different countries and take interesting pictures. You can also dress up your pussy. In the shop you can buy fashionable dresses and beautiful blouses. And of course, the whole apartment is at your service.


Shop for new furniture and suitable decorations to make your home more comfortable. Meet his friends, a cute kitten and a noisy puppy, and take photos together. And you can always talk to him. Talking Angela listens to every word. Say something, wait a moment and listen to her happy voice.


Have fun with this character and chat with her. Try it on your computer and other devices on this page. Try other versions and choose your favourite. And make friends with all the animals the developers have created for this collection. Have fun!



  
Angela All Season Fashion

  
BitLife

  
I Am Fish

  
Talking Angela 2022

  
Move People

  
Nerdle

  
Play Together

  
Stumble Guys

  
Pocket Love

  
Talking Angela

  
Twerk Race 3D

  
Zen Match

  
Angela Twins Family Day




Говорящая Анджела


Погости у Говорящей Анджелы в Париже – городе любви, моды и волшебства. И лучше присядь, ведь этот город полон сюрпризов ;) И берегись птиц – никогда не знаешь, кто пролетит мимо.


✔ Встреться с Говорящей Анджелой в самом модном городе мира
✔ Нажми кнопку «Подарок», чтобы открыть прекрасные подарки
✔ Нажми кнопку «Вешалка», чтобы примерить модные аксессуары и косметику.
✔ Открой для себя кнопку «Запись» и поделись смешными видео с друзьями
✔ Нажми кнопку «Ларри», чтобы начать пернатое веселье
✔ Нажми на кнопку в форме «печенья с предсказанием», чтобы узнать мудрое изречение


Устройся поудобнее и проведи множество веселых часов в компании Говорящей Анджелы ;)


ЮРИДИЧЕСКОЕ ПРЕДОСТЕРЕЖЕНИЕ. Мы собираем анонимные файлы с данными, содержащими информацию об использовании приложения.


Это приложение содержит:
- рекламу продуктов Outfit7 и контекстную рекламу;
- ссылки прямых клиентов на наши веб-сайты и прочие приложения Outfit7;
- персонализацию контента, чтобы побудить пользователей снова сыграть в приложение;
- возможность покупок из приложения;


Условия использования: http://outfit7.com/eula/
Политика конфиденциальности для Европы: https://outfit7.com/privacy/eea/
Политика конфиденциальности для США: https://outfit7.com/privacy/
Политика конфиденциальности для остальных стран: https://outfit7.com/privacy/
Служба поддержки: support@outfit7.com


Безопасность данных


Чтобы контролировать безопасность, нужно знать, как разработчики собирают ваши данные и передают их третьим лицам. Методы обеспечения безопасности и конфиденциальности могут зависеть от того, как вы используете приложение, а также от вашего региона и возраста. Информация ниже предоставлена разработчиком и в будущем может измениться.


Местоположение, Сведения о приложении и его производительности и Идентификаторы устройства или другие идентификаторы
