Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



[NEW] Ninja Legends 2 Codes List – April 2023 Updated


Ninja Legends 2, the sequel to original Ninja Legends, is finally here. If you’re looking for some free Ninja Legends 2 codes that really work, you’ve come to the right place. Read this post and snatch fancy freebies to have more fun training your ninjitsu!


Table of content:


Valid codes


Here are all the active Ninja Legends 2 codes for this month. To save your time, we’ve verified the codes on the date that this post was published. Act fast before they expire!



CodeRewardpowers500Shards boostnewgame500Shards boostwaterfall500Shards boostepicturrets450Shards boostbossbattle300Shards boostFirstplanet250Shards boostepictower350Coinsshurikencity500Coinstreeninja400Coins



If you found any code above is not working, please let us know in the comment so that we can remove them in time.


You may also like:


How to redeem your codes


Now that you’ve grabbed all the secret codes for Ninja Legends 2, you can follow the steps to claim your rewards easily.



  
Launch Ninjia Legends 2 and click the Codes tab. 

  
Copy the correct code and paste it in the text field and click Enter. 

  
On the left side of the main screen, check whether the Shards and Coins are successfully redeemed. 




Conclusion


We’ll keep updating the list once new codes go live. Simply bookmark this page and you won’t miss out on any great exclusives. If you want to hunt for free codes by yourself and acquire first-hand information, we suggest you stay tuned to the official Twitter of Ninjia Legends 2: @Scriptbloxian or join the Discord to unlock specific group rewards.


Want more codes for other Roblox games? Check out our Roblox Games Codes page!


Hopefully this post helps. If you have more ideas or questions about Ninja Legends 2 codes, feel free to leave a comment below.


By Brinksley Hong 


Brinksley is a content writer for Super Easy. As an online shopping addict, she enjoys discovering deals and coupons to save money and sharing them with more readers. She is also obsessed with reading, traveling and music, and has a particular passion for technology and digital marketing.


Ninja Legends 2 codes


Roblox Ninja Legends 2 codes are here to make sure you never miss a freebie in this hit experience in the world's most famous met averse


March 29, 2023: we checked for new Ninja Legends 2 codes


Ninja Legends 2 codes are the best – they give you some free in-game currency so you don’t have to grind for it yourself. So, as you continue your journey of elemental mastery and training, don’t forget to keep checking in with our list to get yourself even more freebies.


If you found our collection of Ninja Legends 2 codes useful, why not consider some of our other guides? We have lists for Shindo Life codes, Anime Fighting Simulator codes, King Piece codes, All Star Tower Defense codes, and plenty more!


Here are the latest Ninja Legends 2 codes


Active codes: 



  
zenmaster15K – chi boost

  
powers500 – 500 Shards

  
shurikencity500 – 750 Coins

  
epicturrets450 – 300 Shards

  
waterfall500 – 500 Shards

  
newgame500 – 500 Shards

  
bossbattle300 – 300 Shards

  
Firstplanet250 – 250 Shards

  
epictower350 – 350 Coins

  
treeninja400 – 400 Coins




What are Ninja Legends 2 codes?


Ninja Legends 2 redeem codes are freebies that the developer, Scriptbloxian, gives out to players. You can redeem these codes for coins and shards, which are useful for opening pet orbs and buying items.


How do I redeem Ninja Legends 2 codes?


It’s easy to redeem your Ninja Legends 2 codes, simply follow these steps:



  
Open the game

  
Tap on ‘Codes’ on the right side of the page

  
Copy any of the Ninja Legends 2 codes from our list into the box

  
Enjoy your rewards!




Where can I get more Ninja Legends 2 codes?


The best way to find more codes is to follow Scriptbloxian on Twitter. Either that, or you can just keep checking this list, as we’ll update it any time a new code is released.


If you want to play Ninja Legends 2 for yourself, you can download Roblox on Google Play and the App Store.


 Pocket Tactics Your go-to destination for all things mobile, Nintendo Switch, and Roblox. Providing guides for the biggest and best iOS and Android games, reviews of all the latest titles, and news stories to keep you up to date. Why go anywhere else?


Network N Media earns commission from qualifying purchases via Amazon Associates and other programs. We include affiliate links in articles. View terms. Prices correct at time of publication.
