Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



INinja VPN Review


For a free service, iNinja VPN has some decent features including leak protection and good speeds while being incredibly easy to use. However, its lack of solid encryption protocol support and excessive logging make it a flop for online privacy fans.


Launched back in 2017, iNinja VPN has amassed a rather substantial number of users ever since it burst onto the scene. Available either as an Android application or a Chrome web-browser extension, this particular VPN is a totally free option.


Promising to provide access to blocked content on websites such as YouTube with no limitations in terms of downloads and uploads, iNinja has set its sights on becoming the first port of call for anyone searching for a way to take their online privacy to a whole new level without having to pay for a subscription.


But does it actually live up to its claims, or is it just another VPN service that should be avoided at all costs? Well, you can find out the answer to that very question as we provide all of the essential information in our complete iNinja VPN review.


Security and privacy


INinja VPN probably ranks towards the lower end of the spectrum in its security features, as 256-bit encryption support is lacking, as is a kill switch, Tor over VPN support, a stealth protocol to bypass online censorship, and other security features. So if you are searching for a service that ticks all marks on the checklist for an all-round VPN, we suggest trying out NordVPN.


Get the best VPN


NordVPN is our top-rated VPN provider, known for unparalleled protection, the fastest speeds, and global coverage.


The only method security measures that iNinja VPN really has is the following:


The leak protection is certainly surprising given that the service doesn’t exactly rank well in terms of solid encryption and features.


Does iNinja VPN keep logs?


One of the biggest downsides of this particular VPN is that it happens to log far too much data about its users than what most people would be comfortable with. This includes connection logs, personal information, data regarding your online activities, and more. While this is apparently used to improve services and ensure security, it should most definitely be treated as a big red flag.


Another cause for concern is the fact that iNinja is registered within the UK. Therefore, this means that it falls under the legislation of the 5 Eyes alliance. This could potentially have serious consequences if you have been using this particular VPN for purposes such as torrenting.


Speed and performance


There are no download or upload limits with iNinja VPN, which is arguably one of its strongest features. This is great considering many other free VPNs such as Tunnelbear heavily restrict usage in order to entice users to upgrade to the full service, which isn’t the case with iNinja VPN.


We were also pleasantly surprised to see that the speed and performance wasn’t all that bad on each of the servers available on the network. So, it’s safe to say that this is very impressive for a service which won’t cost you a penny to use.


Server coverage


With 5 countries and 9 locations at your disposal, you will find that the US, UK, Russia, and the Netherlands are where iNinja VPN’s servers are based. This really doesn’t offer much choice when compared to the thousands of servers provided with alternatives such as ExpressVPN and NordVPN.


But then again, this is hardly surprising considering most, if not all, free VPNs are limited in more ways than one.


Ease of use and multiplatform support


Incredibly simple to use, you can set up and use iNinja VPN on the following two platforms:


However, this means that you are restricted to using the service on either of the aforementioned platforms as it lacks support for Windows, Mac, Linux, and other devices.


With that being said, their application benefits from a creative yet functional user interface, which means that even a complete novice shouldn’t find it too difficult to get to grips with.


Unblocking Netflix and other streaming platforms


Services such as Netflix and Hulu have put geo-restrictions in place which prevents you from accessing content based on your geographical location. This is why many people turn to a VPN in order to effectively get around the restrictions.


We tested iNinja for this particular purpose, only to find that they were able to identify that we were using a VPN. So, it’s clear to see that you will need to search for an alternative VPN if you would like to get around any geo-blocking practices which are present on a variety of websites and services around the world.


P2P and torrenting


Anyone who downloads torrents will most likely already be aware of how much trouble you can get in with the authorities – if you don’t take the necessary precautions. A VPN is the perfect solution in that it allows you to keep any prying eyes at bay.


However, iNinja shouldn’t be used for P2P purposes given that the owners are obliged to hand over details to authorities on request, and are known to collect a lot of data about each of their users.


Online censorship in China and elsewhere


Countries such as China are extremely strict when it comes to online censorship, which means that you’ll need to make use of a solid VPN in order to get around the restrictions which are in place.


However, given that iNinja is based within the 5 Eyes alliance, collects a lot of data about its users, and fails in terms of unblocking services such as Netflix, you would be far better off looking for an alternative VPN which has been proven to work effectively in countries that take online surveillance seriously.


Customer support


If you are having issues with iNinja VPN and are looking to get everything resolved, you could be left waiting a considerable amount of time. You only have the following support options available:


There is no live chat service available. Luckily, there is a knowledge base on the official website. However, it is extremely limited and lacks any particularly useful information. So, you are pretty much left to your own devices if you encounter any problems when using their service.


Pricing


INinja VPN is a service which differs from many other services in that it only has a free version available. This means that it won’t cost you a penny to make use of the service – simply head on over to the relevant app store, click install, and away you go.


However, you’re probably wondering – is there a catch? Well, it just so happens that there is. You can benefit from unlimited bandwidth, but you have to put up with disruptive advertisements in the process. This can be hugely off-putting for many people. So, it’s worth bearing this in mind if you are considering using iNinja VPN.


Bottom line of our iNinja VPN review


As you may have already gathered by reading our complete iNinja VPN review, it is hard for us to recommend this VPN for more reasons than one. It logs far too much information than what is necessary in order to provide its service, is registered in a 5 Eyes jurisdiction, and makes use of an encryption method that is far from the most secure available.


A free VPN service is usually limited when compared to paid-for alternatives, and this particular provider is no exception. With that being said, you can still benefit from decent speeds and enjoy their application which is plain and simple to use even for a complete novice.



  
Free VPN service

  
No traffic limits

  
Easy to use

  
Decent speeds

  
No DNS or IP leaks




Ninja VPN Fast, Free, Unlimite


100% бесплатный VPN! Высокая скорость VPN! Лучшие неограниченные бесплатные VPN-клиенты для Android. Ninja VPN - быстрый, бесплатный, неограниченный, безопасный VPN-прокси - подключайтесь как зайцы, чтобы разблокировать сайты, защищайте точку доступа WiFi и защищайте конфиденциальность.
Самый быстрый - Успешно подключайтесь как заяц с высокой скоростью VPN.
Самый простой - одним касанием подключиться к прокси-серверу VPN.
Наиболее стабильный - есть много бесплатных облачных прокси-серверов для обеспечения лучшего сервиса VPN.


Ninja VPN Быстрый, бесплатный, безлимитный, безопасный VPN-прокси,
Обходите брандмауэры как бесплатный VPN-прокси для школьного Wi-Fi и школьного компьютера.


Защитите свой сетевой трафик в точке доступа Wi-Fi. Просматривайте анонимно и безопасно, не отслеживая. Наслаждайтесь приватным просмотром.
Работает с WiFi, LTE, 3G и всеми мобильными носителями данных.
Шифрует данные с использованием протоколов OpenVPN (UDP / TCP).
Бесплатно скачать этот легкий Android VPN APK сейчас.
