Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Bullet Club


Bullet Club is a shooting range owned and founded by Randy Bullet.


Contents


General Information


The Bullet Club is located in Little Seoul and offers a place for people to practice their aim and reaction time. The shooting range has a mini-game aspect that keeps track of each customers performance on a leaderboard. If you perform well enough, you earn Tokens that can be used to purchase a Karambit crate that unlocks a randomized Karambit skin, with varying rarity and quality. This mini-game is intended to be made into a tournament in the future for potential further prizes.


History


Randy Bullet submitted a business proposal for the Bullet Club in April of 2021, with a planned location of the Del Perro Pier. He was initially given a short timeframe for construction, but was left in the dark when it was delayed several times. He received blueprints and sketches of the planned building in the following months, but eventually the progress halted. In November of 2021 the exterior was revealed at the Del Perro Pier location, but the interior construction was not seeing any development until fellow Chang Gang member Francis J Francer was notified of the long delays, and pushed for its completion with his close connection to the construction company. As Chang Gang had moved into Little Seoul and became ambitious to expand the area's economy and population, Little Seoul was seeing the opening of a lot of newly planned businesses and properties, the Bullet Club was relocated and added to the list of buildings opening in April of 2022. The location shifted around a couple times to find the best fit, originally planned to take the place of the Ammunation in Little Seoul, but found its place in an empty lot next to Wu Chang Records. The Bullet Club finally opened it's doors on the 19th, after over a year since the business proposal was submitted.


Leaderboards


Section needs expansion 


Prizes


The Bullet Club rewards players with a karambit case, which is a case containing karambit knives of varying rarities. Some of the first people to buy karambit cases in bulk were Marlo Stanfield and Lang Buddha.


Untangle


If you've been reading this message for more than a second or two, then this WebAssembly puzzle doesn't seem to be working in your web browser. Sorry!



  
Firefox 87.0

  
Chrome 89.0.4389.114

  
Safari 14.0.3 (16610.4.3.1.7)

  
Edge 89.0.774.68

  
Opera 75.0.3969.149




If this puzzle isn't working in one of those browsers (or a later version), check to see whether you have any local configuration that might have turned off WebAssembly completely, or some kind of blocking software that might have prevented the WASM code from being downloaded in the first place.


(For example, in Firefox, it's possible to turn off WASM completely by setting javascript.options.wasm to false in the about:config interface. If you've done that, or something analogous in another browser, this puzzle won't run.)


In other browsers, the problem might be that WebAssembly isn't supported at all (for example, Internet Explorer 11), or that a browser update is needed.


If you think that your browser should support WebAssembly, but this puzzle still isn't running, then please report the problem, including as much diagnostic information as you can find.


In particular, try opening your browser's Javascript error console and then reloading this page, and tell me if it reports any error messages.


Also, if your browser has a network diagnostic tab, try the same experiment, to make sure it is successfully loading both of the auxiliary files untangle.js and untangle.wasm .


Move the points around so that none of the lines cross.


Click on a point and drag it to move it.


Full instructions | Back to main puzzles page (comments to anakin@pobox.com) 
(thanks to chiark for hosting this page) 
(last modified on Tue Apr 4 01:47:10 2023 )
