Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Package disabler for samsung


✓ Cloud login for remote management


✓ 3 devices. Can purchase more


✓ No restriction on disabling packages (ex. play services can be disabled)


Package Disabler (Samsung)


(1 device)


✓ Cloud login for remote management


✓ 1 device. Can purchase more


✓ No restriction on disabling packages (ex. play services can be disabled)


Package Disabler (Samsung)


(1 device, no subscription)


✓ No restriction on disabling packages (ex. play services can be disabled)


Power Cleaner (Samsung)


(1 device, no subscription) Learn More


✓ Boost performance (Clears RAM)


✓ Restore device to an earlier date


Package Disabler (Owner App)


(1 device, no subscription)


✓ No restriction on disabling packages (ex. play services can be disabled)


Package Disabler (MDM)


✓ Cloud login for remote management


✓ No restriction on disabling packages (ex. play services can be disabled)


Purchase Process


When package disabler is purchased from the website you will get a link to download the app along with a login detail that you provided during the purchase.


Package Disabler


The only NON-root solution that let’s you disable any unwanted packages that come pre-installed / installed with your phone / tablet.


You can disable apps with 1 click. Disabled application / package will not be uninstalled or updated using Google play or any other means.


This app also provides password / uninstall protection to avoid misuse.


Key Features Of Package Disabler



  
Disabling and enabling any packages or apps unlimited

  
One click bloatware removal

  
Export your disabled list to the external storage to import them later

  
Batch operation to enable all disabled packages

  
Filter to show all disabled packages

  
Uninstall / password protection

  
Filter to show all installed apps

  
Filter to show all system packages

  
Quickly find apps using the search functionality




Package disabler for samsung


Bloatware is one of the very few things that I do not like about Android. I get it, OEMs need to make money. But it would be great if the users are at least given a way to uninstall the programs that they do not intend to use. As if installing the apps without user consent is not bad enough, the users are not even given control to remove them from their devices.


Apart from the bloatware, Samsung also comes preloaded with so many system apps that are not useful to most people. Over the years, in the name of adding more features and functionality, Samsung has grown a habit of dumping their OEM Skin, OneUI (formerly TouchWiz), with all sorts of apps and services. The very existence of the list of apps that are safe to uninstall on Samsung devices is a testament of how bad the user experience is.


Samsung Package Disabler


We used to have many apps that help uninstall or disable unwanted apps and services on Samsung devices – most of them are paid. But over time they stopped working on most phones. Some were even removed from Google Play Store.


Thankfully, now we have a Samsung Package and App Disabler app that works flawlessly on all Samsung devices. The app is called Alliance Shield X and is free to download on Google Play Store. But it may not be available in all regions.


With Alliance Shield X, you can easily disable even system apps and services with single click.


You can download the app from the below link:


As per the user reports, the app works great on OneUI 2.0, OneUI 2.5, and OneUI 3.0 as well.


How to use Alliance Shield X to Disable Apps on Samsung


You need to create an account in order to use this app. Go here and register for an account before proceeding. (It’s totally free).


Step 1. Download the Alliance Shield X from Google Play Store or from DroidMirror if it is not available to install in Google Play Store.


Step 2. If you had downloaded the APK file from DroidMirror, simply install it like any other normal APK file.


Step 3. Open the App once installed. You will be asked to provide Device Admin privileges to the app. Grant the same.


Step 4. Next up, you will be asked to enable Knox Permissions to the app – grant it.


Step 5. Once you are in the app main screen, click on the App Manager and tap on any app or service you want to disable.


Step 6. Simply tap on the DISABLE button in the following screen to disable the app or service.


And you are done. Alliance Shield X helps you disable Samsung Apps or Services in just one click.


Best bloatware disabler


You are using an out of date browser. It may not display this or other websites correctly.
You should upgrade or use an alternative browser.


jjefff


Member


I've been using BK disabler on my tmobile note8 and really like it. I've read if i update to pie, BK won't work. I don't use Samsung apps except for phone dialer and camera, and currently have all the others disabled. I also have all the google apps blocked except for playstore, youtube, and messenger.


I finally have my phone setup the way i like it and they come out with this big update (pie and one ui). I have it blocked for now but am a bit concerned about not getting security updates.


Can anyone recommend a good package disabler that will work with pie on our phones?


dekatch


Well-known member


they are still just deactivated. you can manually deactivate apps via the app menu. i disabled only few, so don't know if you can disable all tho.
