Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Perfect World Mobile


Perfect World Mobile is an official adaptation for Android terminals of the well-known Asian MMORPG launched initially for PCs over a decade ago, opening the doors to a world of fantasy set in Chinese mythology where martial arts and magical powers go hand in hand.


One of the main assets of the title is the sense of freedom you feel whenever you engage in moving each of your characters around, as you explore the expansive landscape, seas and skies. In addition, choose between three of the distinct classes that populate your world and are part of the universe seen in previous titles: winged elves, humans and more. Each one of them has a series of trades and specializations for each class that are yours to level up as you progress throughout the game.


Visually spectacular -- the level of detail of each character is obvious from the get-go, and thanks to its complete editor you can customize the appearance of your hero down to miniscule details.


Perfect World Mobile is an awesome Asian MMORPG that's reminiscent of major classics of yesteryear within this genre for PCs. But, lucky for you, this title comes with a completely revamped control systems that's fully adapted to touchscreen devices. Using the stick and controllers, control your avatar in real time. Due to the game's classic design, now fully optimized and renewed for smartphones, any seasoned player will already have a feel for the game and its controllers.


Requirements (Latest version)


More information


Perfect World Mobile Android


Perfect World was an MMORPG released back in 2007 with a story based on Chinese mythology. It was a great hit that reached different countries and was translated into several languages. It stands out for its Oriental settings and aesthetics which managed to win over many users due to their exotic nature.


The comeback of a classic MMORPG


Well, twelve years later, here comes a version for Android. We're talking about Perfect World Mobile that adapts the title's gameplay to the particularities of a mobile operating system, although also other elements that have an impact on the development of the game: guides, teammates, marriages, guilds, groups.


The game comes along with a race system that will influence the outcome and development of the game. In other words, you'll be able to live different adventured depending on whether you choose a human, an elf or an untamed. These are some of its main features:



  
System to improve our skills based on spirits.

  
Movie quality graphics.

  
Map of about 60,000 square kilometers to be explored on the ground or flying the skies.

  
Establish alliances with other users.

  
Take part in huge multiplayer battles.




Requirements and additional information:


With a degree in History, and later, in Documentation, I have over a decade of experience testing and writing about apps: reviews, guides, articles, news, tricks, and more. They have been countless, especially on Android, an operating system.
