Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Plague Inc.


The most fun you can have destroying civilisation without becoming a government MP, Plague Inc. refines the Pandemic formula into a streamlined combination of strategy and twisted bio-horror.


Plague Inc even has a sense for the importance of meta-game progression. Pandemic has special traits you unlock for later games, but Plague Inc gives you entirely new "classes" to unlock and play, starting with a hearty bacteria and progressing all the way up to manufactured bioweapons.


From where we stand, it's a smartly designed and at times uncomfortable video game that's definitely worth $0.99. If anything, it'll make you think twice about rubbing your eyes after touching a doorknob.


While Plague Inc. isn't ground-breaking iOS game, it's definitely one of the most refined. With features like self-mutating viruses, government collapses that actually effect the spread through a given country, unlockable virus classes, and an honest to goodness save feature (yay!), this is the apocalypse plague game to get.


Plague Inc. reminds you in its own little way just how fragile yet tenacious humans are. Be a real shame if anything were to happen to them.


Original and filled with black humour, Plague Inc. is a coherent and engaging strategy game, which compensates an essential presentation with a great amount of content for its small price.


I had a hard time putting Plague Inc down, despite the game's copious amounts of downtime and bare-bones presentation. It's exhilarating (in a grim way) to see your rate of infection climb into the billions thanks to perfect planning, and then mutate in killer traits like Pneumonia and Fever to secure the end of human history.


User Reviews


I brought Plague Inc for 69p in the App store and my god Plague Inc is worth every penny, the game is played on a simple map and menus and I brought Plague Inc for 69p in the App store and my god Plague Inc is worth every penny, the game is played on a simple map and menus and the simplicity of Plague Inc is augmented and backed up by raw strategy & tactical gameplay making the plotting and executing the downfall of the human race much more fun enjoyable and satisfying when you win and rewarded with a free unlocks such a different plague and bonus's plus theres special purchasable plagues a Necroa virus Zombie virus & Neurax worm mind control plague adding more replay value and content and there more coming, the game is prefect on iOS iPad or iPhone. … Expand


I have to say, this a new, innovative idea that was really well made. To be honest, to get the full experience, you need to get the scenarios I have to say, this a new, innovative idea that was really well made. To be honest, to get the full experience, you need to get the scenarios pack, but just that extra $2.99 will make the game amazing. As it claims, it is "hyper" realistic. Based on a country's economy, it affects how the disease infects in that country, how much they can contribute to the cure, etc. The population is very accurate too. Something that makes it much more realistic is the severity, which makes countries want to contribute to the cure. It also shows how if a disease is too lethal, it can't spread. … Expand


This is a great app for only $0.99. Destroying all life on Earth has never been more fun or challenging. It is a very hyper-realistic game and This is a great app for only $0.99. Destroying all life on Earth has never been more fun or challenging. It is a very hyper-realistic game and you will see all of the real life connections while playing it. There is also a wide array of symptoms, abilities, and transmissions you can give your disease. You really have to think hard to beat this game. … Expand


Very fun game to pass the time with, you have to use tactics and plan things out to win and unlock more. Costs an arm and a leg if you want to Very fun game to pass the time with, you have to use tactics and plan things out to win and unlock more. Costs an arm and a leg if you want to unlock the special types of plague but it's well worth it! The zombie virus especially adds a whole new level of complexity to the game. … Expand


Plague.inc è senza dubbio un ottimo gioco, dal concept innovativo e dalle varie possibilità di gioco dovute dalle differenti caratteristiche Plague.inc è senza dubbio un ottimo gioco, dal concept innovativo e dalle varie possibilità di gioco dovute dalle differenti caratteristiche delle patologie proposte. Meccaniche semplici ed intuitive celano un alta necessità di mentalità strategica da parte del giocatore, che deve saper contenere o sprigionare le potenzialità dell'agente patogeno che si ritrova a controllare, evolvendolo ed involvendolo. Trovo però che la visione complessiva del gioco sia compromessa dal fatto che, dopo aver vagliato tutte le casualità possibili offerte dall' IA, si percepisce una certa ripetitività nelle partite. Ciò è parzialmente risolto dagli scenari, che però necessitano una pagamento aggiuntivo per essere riscattati nella loro totalità (La convenienza dell'acquisto non rientra nel campo di questa recensione).


Trovo una valutazione di 8,5 sufficiente, arrotondato ad 8 per l'espressione in decimi. … Expand


Plague Inc. is a beautifully innovative (and dare I say it, infectious?) experience with an equal dosage of satirical humor, streamlined Plague Inc. is a beautifully innovative (and dare I say it, infectious?) experience with an equal dosage of satirical humor, streamlined gameplay, and refreshing difficulty. Destroying the world has never been so much fun. ^.^ … Expand


I’m going back home now so I’ll be able as to get ready us can come over tomorrow night for o o line I’m going back home now so I’ll be able I’m going back home now so I’ll be able as to get ready us can come over tomorrow night for o o line I’m going back home now so I’ll be able as to get ready us can come over tomorrow night for o o line at three or five minutes later than that owns i was we were all good here today has always been the most important day in our world class ever since my birthday is onApril 23 amp then tuio next week would work better if they have any questions about this app but it’s very addictive can’t stop thinking w of course ewrior first weekend but still v but by v can’t c for bybu Cocebent u o yr r fhyrgjrhehdbrjrirjrhdbsbeheueueoroejdnsbacqfwgwjeiejdjdbdbsgdndndndhdjdjshsheywy yuuyuehejdjdhdndndndbdvdhehehwkwoorpeieuqgwgwhdjdndbdbshwhwhwjehdhsbshwhwjwjwjejejejejduksyksyksjsjsyjsyjrhehehehehehehsbftsdv freefdd. But he eeeru But hcddndjne But enchdjeneyenncmsalwlqlwsldk. H j j j jckejdb. R rdn j nbd. Dcmckendmfkskqkefkfkdkdkskskwkruituwyehfjfrotduoatkrhz zbsgwgwurotknxb. ShejeirlrI’m going back home now so I’ll be able as to get ready us can come over tomorrow night for o o line at three or five minutes later than that owns i was we were all good here today has always been the most important day in our world class ever since my birthday is onApril 23 amp then tuio next week would work better if they have any questions about this app but it’s very addictive can’t stop thinking w of course ewrior first weekend but still v but by v can’t c for bybu Cocebent u o yr r fhyrgjrhehdbrjrirjrhdbsbeheueueoroejdnsbacqfwgwjeiejdjdbdbsgdndndndhdjdjshsheywy yuuyuehejdjdhdndndndbdvdhehehwkwoorpeieuqgwgwhdjdndbdbshwhwhwjehdhsbshwhwjwjwjejejejejduksyksyksjsjsyjsyjrhehehehehehehsbftsdv freefdd. But he eeeru But hcddndjne But enchdjeneyenncmsalwlqlwsldk. H j j j jckejdb. R rdn j nbd. Dcmckendmfkskqkefkfkdkdkskskwkruituwyehfjfrotduoatkrhz zbsgwgwurotknxb. ShejeirlI’m going back home now so I’ll be able as to get ready us can come over tomorrow night for o o line at three or five minutes later than that owns i was we were all good here today has always been the most important day in our world class ever since my birthday is onApril 23 amp then tuio next week would work better if they have any questions about this app but it’s very addictive can’t stop thinking w of course ewrior first weekend but still v but by v can’t c for bybu Cocebent u o yr r fhyrgjrhehdbrjrirjrhdbsbeheueueoroejdnsbacqfwgwjeiejdjdbdbsgdndndndhdjdjshsheywy yuuyuehejdjdhdndndndbdvdhehehwkwoorpeieuqgwgwhdjdndbdbshwhwhwjehdhsbshwhwjwjwjejejejejduksyksyksjsjsyjsyjrhehehehehehehsbftsdv freefdd. But he eeeru But hcddndjne But enchdjeneyenncmsalwlqlwsldk. H j j j jckejdb. R rdn j nbd. Dcmckendmfkskqkefkfkdkdkskskwkruituwyehfjfrotduoatkrhz zbsgwgwurotknxb. Shejeirlrkdndbx zvsgegeueurjehv. Vgggejehejehehdbcbc. Dndjraoe Iru should truth never dvvdf gjtjgjgtf. Dffcfghcxcrkdndbx zvsgegeueurjehv. Vgggejehejehehdbcbc. Dndjraoe Iru should truth never dvvdf gjtjgjgtf. Dffcfghcxckdndbx zvsgegeueurjehv. Vgggejehejehehdbcbc. Dndjraoe Iru should truth never dvvdf gjtjgjgtf. Dffcfghcxcat three or five minutes later than that owns i was we were all good here today has always been the most important day in our world class ever since my birthday is onApril 23 amp then tuio next week would work better if they have any questions about this app but it’s very addictive can’t stop thinking w of course ewrior first weekend but still v but by v can’t c for bybu Cocebent u o yr r fhyrgjrhehdbrjrirjrhdbsbeheueueoroejdnsbacqfwgwjeiejdjdbdbsgdndndndhdjdjshsheywy yuuyuehejdjdhdndndndbdvdhehehwkwoorpeieuqgwgwhdjdndbdbshwhwhwjehdhsbshwhwjwjwjejejejejduksyksyksjsjsyjsyjrhehehehehehehsbftsdv freefdd. But he eeeru But hcddndjne But enchdjeneyenncmsalwlqlwsldk. H j j j jckejdb. R rdn j nbd. Dcmckendmfkskqkefkfkdkdkskskwkruituwyehfjfrotduoatkrhz zbsgwgwurotknxb. Shejeirlrkdndbx zvsgegeueurjehv. Vgggejehejehehdbcbc. Dndjraoe Iru should truth never dvvdf gjtjgjgtf. Dffcfghcxc … Expand


Plague Inc‪.‬ 12+


Can you infect the world? Plague Inc. is a unique mix of high strategy and terrifyingly realistic simulation.


Your pathogen has just infected 'Patient Zero'. Now you must bring about the end of human history by evolving a deadly, global Plague whilst adapting against everything humanity can do to defend itself.


Brilliantly executed with innovative gameplay and built from the ground up for iPhone & iPad, Plague Inc. evolves the strategy genre and pushes mobile gaming (and you) to new levels. It’s You vs. the world - only the strongest can survive!


◈◈◈ #1 top game globally with well over a billion games played ◈◈◈


Plague Inc. is a global hit with over a million 5 star ratings and features in newspapers such as The Economist, New York Post, Boston Herald, The Guardian and London Metro!


The developer of Plague Inc. was invited to speak at the CDC in Atlanta about the disease models inside the game!


▶ “The game creates a compelling world that engages the public on serious public health topics” – The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
▶ "Plague Inc: The Cure encapsulates the complexities of a global pandemic response and highlights how crucial international collaboration is needed to address such a threat.” – Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations
▶ “Best Tablet Game” - New York Daily News
▶ “Plague Inc. will snag your attention in all the right ways and keep it there” - Touch Arcade
▶ “No denying Plague Inc.'s high-level of quality” - Modojo
▶ “Plague Inc. should not be as much fun as it is” – London Metro
▶ “Will leave you hoping to destroy the world, all in the name of a bit of fun” – Pocket Lint
▶ “Plague Inc.'s gameplay is infectious” - Slide to Play
▶ Winner – “Overall Game of the Year” – Pocket Gamer
▶ “Killing billions has never been so fun” – IGN


Features:
● Stunning retina graphics with a highly polished interface (Contagion guaranteed)
● Highly detailed, hyper-realistic world with advanced AI (Outbreak management)
● Comprehensive in-game help and tutorial system (I am Legendarily helpful)
● 12 different disease types with radically different strategies to master (12 Monkeys?)
● Full Save/Load functionality (28 Saves Later!)
● 50+ countries to infect, hundreds of traits to evolve and thousands of world events to adapt to (Pandemic evolved)
● Full game support for scoreboards and achievements
● Expansion updates add the mind controlling Neurax Worm, the zombie producing Necroa Virus, Speed Runs and real life Scenarios!


Localised in English, German, Spanish, Brazilian Portuguese, Italian, French, Japanese, Korean, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese and Russian. (more coming soon)


P.S. Give yourself a pat on the back if you got all the themed literature references!


Special sale price to celebrate being one of the most popular paid iPhone games ever!
