Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Pokemon Go Spoofing – Hack for Pokemon Go 2022 | Spoofer with Joystick GPS Teleport iOS/Android


Hey guys in this video I’ll show you the latest working pokemon go hack ios 2022 so you can spoof your location on pokemon go. You want to catch all of those Pokemons quickly and without going outside, I’m sure. Then you should try the one and only available Pokemon Go Spoofer, which will cause you to fly across the map and capture all of those rare Pokemon. With the help of this app, you may teleport to practically any location on the map and get all those awesome Pokemons. The fact that Pokemon Go spoofing iOS is completely safe and there is no chance of being caught makes it even better.


Watch the full video guide to understand how to use Pokemon Go spoofer iOS Android 2022 to enable Joystick in your game. Some of the most prominent features of the Pokemon Go Hack 2022 are listed below; if you want to see for yourself what a JOYSTICK, TELEPORT, WALKING SPEED HACK, FLY, GPS, and much more can do for you, download the working Pokemon Go Spoofer now.


Feel free to leave a like if you enjoyed the video, and if you have any problems using this, please let me know in the comments; I’ll be back with an update if Pokemon Go spoofer needs it. Make sure you click the bell button!!


You May Also Like


Pokemon GO Spoofing for iOS – Spoofer Hack is here


Pokemon Go Hack Spoofer – How to Get GPS Joystick on Pokemon Go [iOS/Android] 2020


[100% With Proof] How to Spoof in Pokemon GO using Dr. Fone Virtual Location | Easy to Use Spoofer


Pokemon Go Spoofing Scam? Here is an Alternative (100% Worked)


21 Comments


It may happen that it doesn't work the first time, so do everything again as I showed in the video. If you have any unclear things, write to me in the comments!


How to Spoof Pokémon GO on iOS Devices


Pokémon GO is one of the most popular mobile games of 2022. The core of the game is, of course, catching Pokémon. For this purpose, players need to travel to as many places as possible to find various types of Pokémon. This is easy for players who travel a lot and visit many different places. But for most of us, who live in a certain place, things get tricky. If this is your case, how to catch as many Pokemon as possible without leaving our coach?


The only way to do this is to spoof your location in Pokémon GO. In this guide, we will introduce two ways for you to spoof your location in Pokémon Go with/without jailbreak. Depending on your needs, you can choose the way you desire to use.


Solution 1. How to Spoof Pokémon GO on iOS Devices [Without Jailbreak]


If you don't want to jailbreak your device, either a modified version of Pokémon GO or a third-party location spoofer can assist you in modifying the iPhone location. But we don't recommend using such apps since that most modified apps are not completely safe, and you may be at risk of receiving a warning message from Niantic. Thus, the only choice left for you to fake the location is to use iOS location changers. There are a lot of such tools out there for you to choose from, here we'll recommend EaseUS MobiAnyGo to you.


As a professional iOS location changer, EaseUS MobiAnyGo allows you to do many things including:



  
Change your iOS devices' GPS location to any desired places with 1-click

  
Allows you to set a moving speed to define your route

  
Allows you to enter specific places to teleport your device

  
Allows you to keep track of where you've been by saving your historical routes




More importantly, apart from the above-listed functions, it doesn't require jailbreaking your device, which makes the process safer and easier. Now, just have this tool installed on your computer and start changing your location.


Step 1. Launch EaseUS MobiAnyGo and connect your iPhone to the computer. Now, agree to its disclaimer and proceed by clicking "Start." Note: Before you proceed, remember to stop all location-based apps running on the background.


Step 2. Unlock your device and "Trust" this computer. Next, wait for the loading process to complete, during which do not disconnect your device.


Step 3. Then, a map-like interface appears. From its upper left corner, choose "Multi-spot Mode."


Step 4. Lastly, enter your target locations as many as you want or adjust the pin to the place you wish to transport to. Click the "Move" button to start move at the set speed.


Solution 2. How to Spoof Pokémon GO on iOS [Jailbreak]


Jailbreaking a device gives you the possibility of installing any third-party apps, including some spoofer apps and VPNs, which makes it easy to change your location in Pokémon GO. To do this, you will need to download a VPN, a spoofer app, and a jailbreak tweak. The former two are used to change your location in Pokémon GO and the last one is to hide your jailbroken status.


Step 1. First of all, you'll need to download a VPN. Here we recommend you to use NordVPN that offers powerful encryption and unlimited bandwidth, which makes it one of the best VPNs on the market.


Step 2. Jailbreak your iPhone by using some tools such as Hexxa Plus, Checkra1n for Mac, Unc0ver for Mac, and Unc0ver for PC. You can download any of them and follow its tutorial to jailbreak your device without restrictions.


Step 3. Download the Protect My Privacy app from Cydia (a mobile package manager for jailbroken iPhones) to hide your phone's jailbroken status. If not, Pokémon GO will often crash on your jailbroken iPhone.


Step 4. Then, download LocationFaker from Cydia.


Step 5. Enter the target location you wish to spoof in LocationFaker.


Step 6. Turn on NordVPN and choose the location in the location in the Location Faker app.


Step 7. That's all. You can visit your Pokémon GO and start catching your favorite Pokémon.


In Conclusion


As you can see, it's easy to spoof Pokémon GO, whether you want to jailbreak your device or not. You can simply pick a preferred option for location spoof on Pokémon GO on your iPhone and iPad. If none of the methods works, don't hesitate to contact us to help you out.


Related Articles - ALSO ON EaseUS SOFTWARE


Trusted by More than 10 Million Users


We have helped millions of users to manage their computer and mobile phones, recover lost content, and unlock their mobile devices. We also have been recommended by thousands of tech blogs and websites. 
