Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Setup Guide


This article details everything you should need to get started using PCSX2.


If this article does not help solve your problem, reach out in the Discord or the forums for help.


Requirements to use Nightly PCSX2 builds​


System Requirements​


Minimum​



  
Operating system 

  
Windows 10 21H2 (1809 or later) (64-bit)

  
Ubuntu 20.04/Debian or newer, Arch Linux, or other distro (64-bit)



  
Supports SSE4.1

  
PassMark single thread performance rating near or greater than 1600 

  
Note: Recommended single thread performance is based on moderately complex games. Games that pushed the PS2 hardware to its limits will struggle on CPUs at this level. Some release titles and 2D games which underutilized the PS2 hardware may run on CPUs rated as low as 1200. 

  
A quick reference for CPU intensive games: Wiki, Forum

  
And CPU light games: Forum



  
Direct3D10 support

  
OpenGL 3.x support

  
Vulkan 1.1 support

  
PassMark G3D Mark rating around 3000 (GeForce GTX 750) 

  
Note: Recommended GPU is based on 3x internal, ~1080p resolution requirements. Higher resolutions will require stronger cards; 6x internal, ~4K resolution will require a PassMark G3D Mark rating around 12000 (GeForce GTX 1070 Ti). 

  
Just like CPU requirements, this is also highly game dependent. A quick reference for GPU intensive games: Wiki



  
4 GB




Recommended​



  
Operating system 

  
Windows 10 21H2 (1809 or later) (64-bit)

  
Ubuntu 22.04/Debian or newer, Arch Linux, or other distro (64-bit)



  
Supports AVX2

  
PassMark single thread performance rating near or greater than 2100

  
Four physical cores, with or without hyperthreading



  
Direct3D11 support

  
OpenGL 4.6 support

  
Vulkan 1.3 support

  
PassMark G3D Mark rating around 6000 (GeForce GTX 1050 Ti)

  
4 GB video memory



  
8 GB




Required software​


Version deprecation notes​



  
Windows XP and Direct3D9 support was dropped after stable release 1.4.0.

  
Windows 7, Windows 8.0, and Windows 8.1 support was dropped after stable release 1.6.0.

  
32-bit support was dropped after stable release 1.6.0.




Downloading and configuring PCSX2​



  
Download the version suited for you from our Downloads Section (for beginners, the full installer of the latest stable release is recommended)

  
Get the BIOS file from your PlayStation 2 console. This is not included with PCSX2 since it breaks copyright law, so you have to obtain it from your console. See below for how to do this.

  
Configure the emulator using the provided instructions in the stable release download. Alternatively these can be found here in the GitHub repository

  
Translated versions of this guide are available, but your milage may vary as many are not for the latest stable version. See below for links to these




Translated configuration guides​


Below are links to translated versions of the guide to configure PCSX2 at various stable release versions.


If you wish to apply for a new translation or to update an existing one, visit the guide translation applications



  
Arabic - 0.9.6 

  
By Squall

  
Guide Here



  
By SonicXPS2

  
Guide Here



  
By luopojianghu

  
Guide Here



  
By pcsx2fan

  
Guide Here



  
By vborovic

  
Guide Here



  
By Tsbook

  
Guide Here



  
By ChronicNL

  
Guide Here



  
By PlaysGames11

  
Guide Here



  
By Mayonezo

  
Guide Here



  
By DarkDante

  
Guide Here



  
By bmate

  
Guide Here



  
By ikazu

  
Guide Here



  
By IL CARTOLAiO

  
Guide Here



  
By DeltaHF

  
Guide Here



  
By Ice Queen Zero

  
Guide Here



  
By ノーティーイヌ

  
Guide Here



  
By miseru99

  
Guide Here



  
By Pauinho

  
Guide Here



  
By josephg

  
Guide Here



  
By El_Diablos

  
Guide Here



  
By hellrider881

  
Guide Here



  
By McCuñao

  
Guide Here



  
By SeeK

  
Guide Here



  
By xyteton

  
Guide Here



  
By PyramidHead

  
Guide Here



  
By climhz

  
Guide Here




Still have problems?​


If your game is not working, there are a few things you can do:



  
Check the compatibility page to see if the game has been tested to run properly

  
Consult the wiki page for the game for similar information

  
Check the GitHub issues page to see if there are any reported issues




It works but it's slow?​


This is the most common problem users experience. PCSX2 is a very hardware intensive program, especially on your processor.


It is highly recommended you read the first post of this thread: Will PCSX2 run fast on my computer? and if you still have questions reply to the thread or in the Discord, there are many helpful members who will answer.


Reach out for help​


If none of the above suggestions help you solve your problem, consider reaching out in either the Discord or the forum.


How to dump your PS2 BIOS​


In order for PCSX2 to function properly, both a legitimate BIOS and copies of games must be obtained from your own PlayStation 2 console and original PlayStation 2 discs respectively. The following explains the recommended ways to accomplish both of these tasks.


Dumping your PS2 BIOS is conceptually a two-step process:



  
Modify the operation of your PS2 so that it can run any program.

  
Then you can run a "BIOS dumper" utility program on your PS2 that reads its BIOS and writes it to a USB drive.




There is a generally useful program, uLaunchELF, that lets you browse memory cards, DVDs, and USB drives connected to a PS2 and run programs from them. So for most of the approaches below, you use uLaunchELF to then run the BIOS dumper.


Popular approaches to modify PS2 operation​



  
FreeMcBoot Memory Card 

  
Works for all but the newest (9xxxx serial number with a date code larger than 8B) slim PS2s. Can be found online for ~10 USD.





  
FreeDVDBoot 

  
Works for many slim models, and some phat models. Slight effort, but free.

  
You will require a blank DVD for this method to work!





  
Disc swap exploits 

  
Technical in nature, involves hardware tampering. Guides can be found quickly by Googling.





  
Mod chips 

  
Extremely technical, requires soldering skills. DO NOT ATTEMPT unless you are an electronics pro.








Downloading the BIOS dumper utility​


Our recommended BIOS dumper utility is biosdrain. Therefore the instructions below will be for this tool.


Option 1: Starting a PS2 with FreeMcBoot​



  
Plug the FreeMcBoot memory card into memory card port 1

  
Turn on your PS2 with no disc inside.

  
Select uLaunchELF from the menu.




Option 2: Starting a PS2 with FreeDVDBoot​



  
Download the ISO which matches your console from https://github.com/CTurt/FreeDVDBoot/tree/master/PREBUILT%20ISOs

  
Burn the ISO to a DVD. 

  
The most generally reliable media is a DVD-R disc, burned at a slow speed (4X speed should be fine).




Dumping the BIOS​


There are two options available when dumping the BIOS. biosdrain supports USB and HOST through PS2link. If your console does not have networking support, please refer to the USB method, otherwise you can use the ps2client method.



  
USB 

  
Take the biosdrain.elf file that was downloaded above, and transfer it to a FAT32 formatted USB flash drive. 

  
Please note that some incompatibilities between certain USB drives and PS2 USB drivers have been reported throughout the years. If your USB drive is not detected by uLaunchELF ( mass: is empty) please try another one, preferably USB 2.0.



  
When using XLINK, simply execute the biosdrain.elf with the user interface.

  
When using PS2client, cd into the directory where you have biosdrain.elf , and simply run ps2client execee host:biosdrain.elf

  
biosdrain will automatically detect that the host device is present and will dump your BIOS contents to the root directory of host (Usually where you have the biosdrain.elf file).

  
You will know that it is finished when biosdrain says Finished Everything , either on screen or in your console log.




Dumping PS2 Discs via ImgBurn​


PlayStation 2 game discs are unencrypted DVDs and CDs. This means they can be dumped quickly using a standard optical drive that supports DVD and CD optical media and the ImgBurn software. Dumping discs does not harm optical media directly.


Where to get ImgBurn​


How it works​



  
Install and run ImgBurn

  
Put your game disc into an optical drive

  
Create an image file from a disc inside ImgBurn (highlighted in screenshot below)




Alternative: Dumping PlayStation 2 discs with Media Preservation Frontend (more advanced)​


This is a GUI for several applications aimed at preserving optical media. It can be a bit more involved for non-PlayStation disc dumping, but for PS1 and PS2 its fairly simple.


Where to get MPF​


This tool is currently only available on Windows, but Linux support may be added in the future. It should be noted the command-line tools that are used for the backend of this tool are all free, open-source and available on all major operating systems.


How to use it​



  
Extract and run MPF

  
Put your game disc into an optical drive

  
Select PS2 for system/media type

  
Select whether it is a CD-ROM PS2 game or DVD-ROM PS2 game

  
Select output file name and directory

  
Select the appropriate drive letter for the drive with the optical media in it

  
Select "Start dumping"




One quick note, the lower the drive speed of the optical drive the more likely you are to get a good dump of the disc. The fastest drive speed will take much less time, but may be incomplete, corrupted, or inaccurate. It could also be perfectly fine, so depending on your drive and your media, try different things and see what works best for you.


How To Setup PCSX2 BIOS (The Right Way)


The Playstation 2 is still the king of best selling game consoles at over 155 million units (just barely beating out the Nintendo DS).


And with nearly 2000 game titles in its library, there is no shortage of awesome content to keep you busy for a lifetime.


Take a look at our list of the 50 best PS2 games for some reminders.


But as we all know, game consoles become obsolete, unavailable and increasingly expensive as they age.


For retro gaming fans who do not still have the classic console in their entertainment setup… emulation might be the best option.


There are a couple emulation programs available for the Playstation 2, but we gave PCSX2 our number one spot on our list of the best PS2 emulators.


And for good reason… with open source applications available for Windows, Linux, and MacOS… PCSX2 has all bases covered.


And while PCSX2 does make emulation extremely easy for players, it will need some tweaking to get it working perfect.


To hopefully make the process as easy and fast as possible, here is our guide for how to setup PCSX2 BIOS the right way.


Step 1 – Install PCSX2


To get your copy of the PCSX2 program, all you have to do is a quick google search. For legal reasons we cannot link to this website or file.


If you have ever downloaded and installed a program to your computer, this is gonna be familiar territory for you.


Find your operating system on the Downloads page, grab the program, install it to your computer.


Step 2 – Install the PS2 BIOS


“In computing, BIOS (Basic Input/Output System) is firmware used to provide runtime services for operating systems and programs and to perform hardware initialization during the booting process”


For those who are not super tech savvy or do not understand big words… that basically means that certain hardware needs specialized firmware to run properly.


And gaming consoles like the Playstation 2 use their own BIOS.


For PCSX2 to properly know how to behave like a real Playstation 2, and interpret the games exactly as intended on the original hardware… using the Playstation 2 BIOS is a must.


Don’t worry… once you install it, you will not have to think about it.


Download the ZIP file and extract its contents to a folder on your computer.


You may want to place this folder within the installation folder of the PCSX2 program to keep them together, but it can be placed anywhere you wish.


When you load PCSX2 for the first time, it will have you do some simple setup. It will ask about your default language settings for the Playstation, and it will also ask for the BIOS location.


The BIOS location is going to be the folder of the BIOS files that you extracted.


Select the folder location, and finish your initial setup of PCSX2.


That should be everything necessary to get PCSX2 up and running!


Step 3 – Play some games


Your copy of PCSX2 should be ready to play some games now.


You can obtain ROM files of your favorite games however you see fit (google em?).


See our final notes about emulation and ROMs for our thoughts on its morality and legality if you wish.


Once you have downloaded a game, you must make sure that you are loading an ISO format game file in PCSX2.


If you downloaded the ROM from a website, it may have come packed within a ZIP file. All you have to do is extract the ISO file that is inside that ZIP folder, and it is ready to play.


PCSX2 has a file menu at the top and to load the game ISO you navigate to “CDDVD > ISO Selector > Browse…”


Selecting the browse option will open a window to locate your ISO file. Select the file wherever you have it on your computer, and it will be loaded into the emulator.


Now navigate to “System > Boot ISO (fast)” and the game will begin.


Conclusion


We know, that all sounds quite complicated.


But once you have your emulator setup, you will not have to do it again.


And once you have learned the process of loading a game file and booting it, you will remember how to do it. It won’t feel so complicated once you have done it before.


PCSX2 has additional options once you are within a game, and can even use controllers connected to your computer. So you will have to do some additional experimenting if you would like to take advantage of those features.


But we hope this guide makes the setup of PCSX2 easy, and gets you into a game as soon as possible.


About Emulation and ROMs


We recently released an article titled “What does emulation mean?” that covers some of the basics of emulation and ROMS.


We also covered the topic of the the morality and legality of emulation in our article Are Emulators Legal?


But in summation… it is our personal belief that there is no harm in the use of a ROM file to play a video game that is no longer on the market by the original developers and publishers.


So download and use ROM files at your own discretion.


If you are here looking to install PCSX2, you have probably already came to the conclusion that you are okay with emulation and ROMs.


This article may contain affiliate links. If you use these links to purchase an item we may earn a commission. Thank you for your support.


PS2 BIOS | PCSX2 BIOS Download


If you want to play PlayStation 2 (PS2) games on your PC using PCSX2 (PS2 Emulator). But, don’t have PS2 BIOS to run PlayStation 2 games on PCSX2. So, you are on the right place.


In this blog you will get Best latest PS2 BIOS files for PCSX2 (PS2 Emulator). It will help you to run PlayStation 2 (PS2) games on PC.


What is PCSX2 ?


PCSX2 is a free and open-source PS2 emulator for Windows, Linux, and macOS that supports a wide range of PlayStation 2 video games with a high level of compatibility and functionality.


What is PS2 BIOS ?


PCSX2/PS2 Bios are the files that can help you to run the PlayStation 2 games on your PC. PCSX2 (PS2 Emulator) is the best way to play PS2 console games on computer. It is a great opportunity for those who want to play PlayStation 2 games but they don’t have PlayStation 2 Console.


How To Download and Dump PS2 BIOS on PCSX2 Tutorial:


PCSX2/PS2 BIOS rom Screenshot:


Download PS2 BIOS For PCSX2


[Type of file: WinRAR archive (.rar)] [Size: 36 MB]


(Download and Extract Using WinRAR To Get PS2 BIOS Files For PCSX2)


Download From MediaFire Download From Google Drive Download From GDToT Download From MEGA.nz Download From Mirrored.to
