Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Why you should buy a PlayStation Vita


A decade from now, people will look on this generation of video game consoles, and think of all of the amazing hits from The Witcher III to God of War to Red Dead Redemption II. But just as we look back at systems like the Sega Saturn and the Wii U, a similar mournfulness will fall upon the PS Vita.


But, wait. Hold on a second. The Vita is very much alive, and while it might not be thriving like the Nintendo Switch, it's still one of the best handheld consoles, and totally worth owning.


But why should you buy a $225 handheld released way back in 2013? Surely, given the system's age, you'd think that using that money toward a Switch is a more worthwhile investment. And you would be correct. The Vita should not be considered a main purchase, but a secondary one.


Even in the Vita's heyday, it was ultimately hard to recommend it over the 3DS. Nintendo software, even on a chintzy 400 x 240 resolution display, was — and still is — incredibly compelling. But while the 3DS has aged like a Palm Pilot, with its chunky plastic body and mediocre displays, the Vita has aged like an iPod, still very functional, and totally cool to be seen in public.


The games


Why you can trust Tom's Guide?


Our writers and editors spend hours analyzing and reviewing products, services, and apps to help find what's best for you. Find out more about how we test, analyze, and rate. 


The Vita has a bit of something for everyone. If you're a fan of AAA titles, there are games like Uncharted: Golden Abyss, Killzone: Mercenary, Gravity Rush, LittleBigPlanet Vita and Dragon's Crown. Although some of the Vita's big hitters have made transitions over to the PS4, there are plenty of great exclusives, including Freedom Wars and Soul Sacrifice.


There is also a plethora of AA titles, like Wipeout 2048, Tearaway, Danganronpa, Everybody's Golf, Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward, Dragon Quest Builders, Disgaea 4 and Oreshika 2: Tainted Bloodlines.


If you're into ports, Persona 4 Golden is an obvious choice. Danganronpa 1 and 2, Final Fantasy X/X-2 remake and Metal Gear Solid HD Collection are also great picks.


And then there are the indie titles. So many indies. Don't Starve, Lumines: Electronic Symphony, The Walking Dead, Rogue Legacy, Spelunky, OlliOlli, Luftrausers, Guacamelee, Sound Shapes, Severed, Resogun, Fez and the list goes on. And many indie titles are cross-buy enabled, so if you buy the PS4 version, the Vita version will be included for free.


If you've been a loyal PS+ member, then here's hoping that you've been saving all your games -- including your Vita titles -- to your library. Because once you log in with your Vita to your PlayStation Network account, you'll have a trove of games ready for the download.


And the game train still hasn't stopped with the Vita. If you jump on the PlayStation Blog or the dedicated PS Vita subreddit, you'll notice that games are still occasionally dropping for the system. While many of the hits are Japanese titles, like Persona 5: Dancing in Moonlight/Dancing in Starlight and Fernz Gate, there are cool indie titles in the pipeline, like Scintillatron 4096 and YIIK: A Postmodern RPG.


Of course, the Vita can also play PSP and PS1 games, so if you ever feel like jumping back into Final Fantasy VII, Crash Bandicoot, or God of War Ghost of Sparta, Vita is the device to do it on. It’s also possible to map certain movement options on the Vita's second stick, making certain PSP games more playable on the Vita. Buying a Vita is definitely a more practical option than spending $99 on the disappointing PlayStation Classic, with its limited functionality and paltry selection of games.


The hardware


Any way you look at it, the Vita is a slick-looking handheld. The original model, which is slightly chunky when compared with the later 2000 iteration, is still solid. The silver trim surrounds two pieces of plastic that sandwich the device, giving it an ultra-premium look. It would have been nicer if it were glass, but plastic gets the job done. That plastic does scratch easily, so it's recommended that you layer it with screen protectors.


The real showstopper with the original Vita was its OLED display. I own both the 1000 and 2000 Vitas, and I can tell you, the 1000 does look better. But only in a side-by-side comparison. The blues, in-particular, shine on the OLED display. For the slimmer PS Vita 2000, Sony opted to use an LCD display. The colors simply do not pop as well, but it's far better than anything found on a 3DS. I would say it's most similar to a Switch display in quality. And unlike the Switch, the Vita has Bluetooth support.


The Vita 2000 also comes in a slew of nifty colors. Sure, the colored variants are in Japanese units, but that won't pose a problem for American gamers. My blue PS Vita 2000 was very easy to set up in English. In Japan, the X and O buttons tend to be flipped, but there are workarounds, which I’ll get into later.


Other than that, all the buttons feel responsive and clicky. The sticks are small, and feel most similar to the Switch's joy-cons, and the touch screen is responsive.


Remote play


OK, Christmas is coming. You're going home for the holidays to enjoy some of your mom’s famous gingerbread brownies. You won’t be able to fit your PlayStation 4 Pro on your carry-on suitcase. But you have a solution, and that’s remote play.


The PS Vita will -- assuming your PS4 is set up via Ethernet -- play games while you’re hundreds of miles away from home via the internet. The Vita is a great way to escape from your little cousins asking if you want to a lick of their candy cane, so you can dive back into the world of Red Dead Redemption 2. Yes, remote play does work on PC as well, but that requires you to bring your controller and a USB cable along. Who wants to deal with that mess?


Modding


As gaming systems grow older, dedicated communities usually find ways to hack devices for more functionality. The Vita has entered this phase, and already we're seeing some interesting applications, from custom apps and games to being able to overclock the processor.


Bottom line


Do you really need a Vita these days? That depends on the type of gamer you are. If you want a high-quality handheld that can play a slew of PlayStation hits, indie gems and obscure Japanese titles, there really isn't a better option out there. If you're a casual gamer, then your PlayStation and Nintendo Switch combo will get you by just fine. But if you're both a hardcore gamer and one who's willing to mess with some hacks, then you can get some incredible functionality out of your Vita, making it one of the best pieces of handheld kit on the market.


Be In the Know


Get instant access to breaking news, the hottest reviews, great deals and helpful tips.


By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions (opens in new tab) and Privacy Policy (opens in new tab) and are aged 16 or over.


Vita3K/Vita3K-Android


This commit does not belong to any branch on this repository, and may belong to a fork outside of the repository.


Name already in use


A tag already exists with the provided branch name. Many Git commands accept both tag and branch names, so creating this branch may cause unexpected behavior. Are you sure you want to create this branch?


Sign In Required


Please sign in to use Codespaces.


Launching GitHub Desktop


If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.


Launching GitHub Desktop


If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.


Launching Xcode


If nothing happens, download Xcode and try again.


Launching Visual Studio Code


Your codespace will open once ready.


There was a problem preparing your codespace, please try again.


Latest commit

* spelling fixes * Fixed request by nishinji i think i spelt it right. Co-authored-by: nishinji * Fixes requested by Macdu and other fixes PS Vita is not a trademark, PLAYSTATION VITA is (check the trademark office. I checked the UK one.) --------- Co-authored-by: nishinji

Git stats


Files


Failed to load latest commit information.


README.md 


This repository contains the public releases and CI (automated build) for the Vita3K Android version. Vita3K Android is an experimental PlayStation Vita emulator for Android. It comes as an APK, ready for you to install.


Minimum requirements are as follow:



  
ARM64 device

  
Vulkan 1.0 support

  
Android 7+ (Note: If your device supports Vulkan, it's Android 7 or higher)




For more information about Vita3K:


All the releases were published with the approval of the developers and contributors of Vita3K. If you contributed to the main repository and were not aware of this version, please contact the developers via Discord.


No GPL dependencies were used in these builds.


The purpose of this emulator is not to enable illegal activity. You must dump games by using NoNpDrm or FAGDec. You can get homebrew games from VitaDB.


PlayStation and PlayStation Vita are trademarks of Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc. This emulator is not related to or endorsed by Sony, or derived from confidential materials belonging to Sony.


About


Public releases and CI for the Vita3K Android app


Psp Go vs. Vita


I already have a molded Playstation Vita but I really want a small easy portable console for on the go and the psp go really fits the bill and I find myself playing psp games more than ps vita and I just wonder if I should really switch from vita to psp go.


As a guy with average sized hands, the Go was too compact for me. The M2 memory are expensive so any other PSP is better IMO. All the buttons and analogue stick are physically smaller so it became uncomfortable for me and I sold mine years ago. The 3K is thin and lightweight so I think it’s a good compromise.


Battery life on the Vita is infinitely better though. Admittedly I don't have a Go, but my regular PSPs rarely get more than 3h of gaming time per charge.


Vita Slim on the other hand nets me about 4-6h playing Vita titles, 6-9 hours playing PSP games and around 8-10h for PS1. I also really like how Adrenaline functionally turns your Vita into a PSP.


That said, the Go looks great and it's tiny so if portability is your main concern, I'd get one.


I just wonder if I should really switch from vita to psp go.


I've heard the Go is having a lot of issues lately due to how it was built. Lots of failing flex cables that connect the two halves. It's fixable from what I understand, but something to consider.


add a 3k psp to your collection. just get and screen protector and a silicone skin and a case. screw putting it in the pocket. be a proud psp user and put it on a belt loop. and or get the og psp lanyard and wear it around your neck. lol


If you're finding yourself playing PSP games more and it fits the bill just switch to it :) play what makes you happy :D I've also got a Vita but since I have a lot of physical PSP games as well as a micro SD card adaptor loaded with songs and podcasts my PSP actually ends up being in by bag more often. Makes for a fun portable gaming expereince laced with nostalgia


Also echo what others are also saying I think a traditional form factor PSP with a UMD drive may serve you better than the Go long term
