Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Pokémon Sprite Generator


You may direct link sprites from this page if you have to, but if you're planning to use them on your site or something you should really just upload them yourself.


How it works: first, select the version whose sprites you want to get; then either press one of the three buttons to generate one, two or three random Pokémon, or enter up to three Pokémon into the text fields and then click the "Find sprites" button. Once the sprites have been generated, you can select a different version to immediately switch over to that version's sprites of the same Pokémon. This means that the radio buttons for the generations any of those Pokémon don't exist in will be disabled; if you just want to start over and get sprites for some different Pokémon in another version, use the "Reset form" button below the version selection.


Unown and Arceus can take a while to be generated, thanks to all their different forms. Just be patient.


Random pokémon generator


This generator produces descriptions of random Pokémon trainers. It produces a trainer class (including most classes from the main-series games as well as several side games and other media), basic physical and personality details, a team of Pokémon and more. The results will often be a little silly, but hopefully still useful for inspiring new art and characters.


No credit is required for anything you might create based on the generator's results. Go wild!


Please note that this generator contains unmarked spoilers for Generation 9/Scarlet and Violet Pokémon, trainer classes, and more. If you still haven't finished the game and don't want to be spoiled, do not use this generator.


Include legendary Pokémon, mythical Pokémon, Ultra Beasts, and Paradox Pokémon in the random Pokémon choices?


This trainer is trainer_class , originally from region . They are stature , style , and are personality . type , and they love preference Pokémon. When battling, they strategy . Their dream is to goal .


Their team consists of pokémon .


Lock eyes with another trainer!


Pokémon and all related properties are © Nintendo, Game Freak et al. This website may also feature content relating to other franchises and properties (e.g. the "Tales of" series, Phoenix Wright, Fire Emblem, etc.); those properties are also © their respective owners. The Altered Origin website is the work of a fan. I do not claim ownership of or rights to any of these properties.


All other site content, unless otherwise stated, is © Phoenixsong. If you wish to use, remix, repost or share content on this website (for non-profit/non-commercial purposes only), you are generally free to do so as long as you credit Phoenixsong and/or Altered Origin as the original creator of that content. For more information about the use of Altered Origin's content, see here.
