Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Fart Race Codes (April 2023)


Ready! Steady! Fart Race! Think you’ve got what it takes to fart your way to pole position? Well, now you can prove it in Roblox Fart Race, a race-clicker game where your porcelain throne is your chariot. Surround yourself with pets, pick up lots of poop emojis, then race to earn rewards such as improved pets and toilets, as well as rebirths that give fart-tacular permanent rewards.


Fart Race codes can give you in-game currencies, as well as free unique pets and toilets. Pets increase your fart race distance and can be merged to improve them even more. While the toilet you equip for each race can give you bonuses to both your speed and rewards. If you love goofy Roblox race-clicker games, also check out Flappy Clicker Code.


All Fart Race Codes List


Updated March 27, 2023
 
Added a new code.
 


Fart Race Codes (Working)


These are all the working Fart Race codes.



  
60KGOOD—Redeem for a Thunder Toilet (New)

  
30KYEAH—Redeem for a Glider Toilet

  
10000SUPER—Redeem for a Glider Toilet

  
3000LIKE—Redeem for a Glider Toilet

  
1000FART—Redeem for an Octopus Toilet

  
HAPPY100—Redeem for a free Pet

  
500TOILET—Redeem for a free Toilet




Fart Race Codes (Expired)


These are expired codes for Fart Race.


How to redeem codes in Fart Race


Follow the instructions below to redeem codes in Fart Race.



  
Launch Fart Race on Roblox.

  
Press the orange Codes button on the left of the screen.

  
In the text box saying Type Code Here, do so exactly as it appears in the list above.

  
Press the green Redeem button below it to claim your reward!




How can you get more Fart Race codes?


If you want to find more Fart Race codes and information, you might want to sign up for the developer’s Game Geek Studio Roblox Group. Plus, you can become part of the Fart Race Discord Server, where you can find channels dedicated to announcements, updates, and more.


Why are my Fart Race codes not working?


Struggling with a Fart Race code? As with all Roblox codes, they need to be entered exactly right to work, so check for typos. A missed capital letter or mistaking a number for a letter will invalidate them. If cutting and pasting directly from here doesn’t fix it, the code has probably expired. They all tend to time out in the end, but they usually get replaced with new ones, so check back soon for more codes!


Other ways to get free rewards in Fart Race


The best way to get more free rewards in Fart Race is to collect poop in the lobby area! You can run around and collect as much as you like for free, all of which will improve your fart distance once you start racing. Also, make sure you Like the game on its Roblox page (linked above), as more free codes have been promised by the developer as the number of likes of the experience gets increases. Finally, if you invite your friends to play, you can get an in-game earnings bonus.


What is Fart Race?


Fart Race is a typical race clicker-style Roblox experience, where you collect pets and resources to improve your distance. You can set the game to auto-race, meaning you can easily play AFK. And as you increase your distance and earnings, you can Rebirth to gain permanent bonuses and open up new items and (gacha-style) pets to equip.


If you're looking for codes for other games, we have a ton of them in our Roblox Game Codes post! You can also get a bunch of free stuff via our Roblox Promo Codes page. And in the meantime, take a look at the latest news to stay up-to-date on all things entertainment.


Drive World Codes (April 2023)


Drive World is a racing game that lets you drive some of the best cars out there. Because where's the fun of driving if there is no possibility of driving supercars? Those road beasts are incredible, but only if you have the skills to tame them. Driving those super machines is challenging, but you must first get them. That's where Drive World codes come into action.


You need many things in this game, but you'll need Cash the most to buy the best cars. Use codes as much as possible, as that's the easiest way to earn money to buy better vehicles. If you like Roblox racing games, you'll need Roblox Hot Wheels Racing Codes and Roblox Driving Simulator Codes to increase your race chances.


All Drive World Codes


Updated April 4, 2023
 
Added new codes!
 


Drive World Codes (Working)


Here are all active Roblox codes for Drive World.



  
DOUBLEFIVES—Redeem for 30k Cash (New)

  
tengrand—Redeem for 15k Cash (New)

  
NOTBAD—Redeem for an F1 Car (New)

  
likesoverload—Redeem for 40k Cash

  
fourtyfive—Redeem for 30k Cash

  
fav4money—Redeem for 30k Cash

  
CODEZ—Redeem for 30k Cash




Drive World Codes (Expired)


These promo codes for Drive World no longer work.


How to redeem codes in Drive World


Follow the instructions below to redeem promo codes in Drive World.



  
Launch Drive World on Roblox.

  
Click on the Settings button on the upper left side of the screen.

  
Click on the Open button.

  
Enter working codes into the Enter code here! text box.

  
Click on the Redeem promo code button to claim your free prize.




How to get more Drive World codes


Bookmark this page to get all the Drive World promo codes you need. As soon as new codes arrive, we'll update this page. For more details from the developer, follow them on Twitter @DriveWorldRBLX or join them on their Drive World Discord Server.


Why are my Drive World codes not working?


Most Roblox games have codes that expire fast, so be as fast as those supercars from the game. Hence, Claim Drive World codes as soon as you see them to avoid missing out on free rewards. Another reason for codes not working is a simple typo. Avoid mistakes by copying and pasting game codes straight into the redeem text box.


Other ways to earn Cash in Drive World


You can earn more Cash in Drive World by competing in races and completing missions and daily quests. Don't forget you'll get money by driving, drifting, and jumping around the map! This is a great way to earn the Cash you need for superior cars.


What is Drive World?


Drive World is a Roblox racing game where you can drive the most famous and expensive sports cars. Test your reflexes and enjoy adrenaline fun with lots of street races, daily challenges, and exciting missions. When you're not racing, enjoy spending time in the garage, where you can fine-tune your cars. If you are short on Cash, don't hesitate to redeem Drive World codes.


If you're looking for codes for other games, we have many in our Roblox Game Codes post! You can also get a bunch of free stuff via our Roblox Promo Codes page. And in the meantime, take a look at the latest news to stay up-to-date on all things entertainment.


About the Author


I'm an old-school gaming journalist that loves real-time strategies, shooters, and RPGs. I remember the first Diablo, PC games on a single floppy disk, and playing Mortal Kombat on the keyboard.


10 Comments


Drive World Codes (April 2023)


Cancel reply


This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
