Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



gay things all around 18+


Too freaky for you ?? Wanna see my bootyhole? Dick? My ass? Maybe even watch me play with my bussy? Then JOIN HERE! I post my freakiest content all for free ? And if you're feeling extra horny, you can buy ALL CONTRNT for ONLY $15!! Freaky cheap content. you cannot resist this offer ? gayporn , gay, porn, nsfw, gay nsfw, lgbtq porn , lgbtq, selling , selling content , twitter, cheap gay content ,


13+ 19 is age limit NSFW DATING please keep this server safe for everyone. Hello. I’m Luis and here is where you can make friend or a relationship or even just to hang out! If you have any questions when you join my server feel free to ask one of my 4 mods or me. Please know that spamming isn’t aloud in general it is only aloud in the spam chat. If you apply for mod please tag me or my mods in it so we can see it.Thank you for your time :) ~Luis


GAY NSFW FEMBOYS, TRAPS, FURRIES. Welcome to Cute 18+ discord UwU OwO NuN. Develop new relationships (Friends/Dating). We have several NSFW lewd channels along with channels to converse with other server members.


Come hang out, and play games with some chill people. LGBT/TRAPS server. NSFW 18+. This is NOT a safeplace btw!!


Welcome To Havony This is a friendly discord server for people who are trying to make new friends or just hang out!


Come Join Sweet Paradise. We are a fun server centered around making new friends to game with, chat with, and overall just enjoy meeting people!! Sweet Paradise has a lot of fun things to do, which includes (but isn't limited to) the following: - Level up roles - Weekly events - Bot games - Active VC - NSFW for verified members! (Lots of channels. ) - Self assignable roles - Plenty of ladies (; WE ARE ALSO ACTIVELY LOOKING FOR PARTNER MANAGERS. We are a new community, so we are small as of now! Join us and see what we're all about!


A server devoted to pup play. We are all super friendly and welcome all new and experienced pups and handlers to come join our ranks. Come check it out, drop a profile intro & say hello to our friendly community on our video chat channel!


Recent Posts


Latest Server News and Events


Use 'Join Server' above to join this community.


20 Best Roblox Discord Servers You Should Join in 2022


Joining a Roblox Discord server is a great way to meet fellow fans of the gaming platform, win prizes, participate in trading, and join Roblox Discord voice chats. With the platform’s popularity, you can expect that thousands of Roblox-centric servers have now populated Discord. Thus, it can be quite difficult picking which one to join. But don’t fret — we’re here to point you to the ones that are worth joining. In this guide, we give you a rundown of the 20 best Roblox Discord servers you should check out.


Inside This Article



  
20 Best Roblox Discord Servers

  
Official Roblox Discord Server

  
Roblox Intel

  
Roblox Clubhouse

  
Adopt Me Database

  
Roblox Trading Community

  
The Roblox Exchange

  
Imperia

  
Jailbreak

  
Roblox Talent Show

  
Roblox Marketing Center

  
Roblox Developers

  
Blox-it

  
Bloxawards

  
VendexX Clan

  
W//Z & SB2 Wiki

  
BeastyBlake101 Community

  
RaceCodex

  
Roblox: Survivor

  
Adventure Island

  
Roblox Public Marketplace




20 Best Roblox Discord Servers


Below, we compile the 20 best Roblox Discord servers you can join right now. A lot of the servers we include here are large communities, but we include smaller ones as well. If you want to join a Roblox Discord server we listed below, just click on the join button. It should lead you to that server right away.


1. Official Roblox Discord Server


If you’re just starting out with Roblox, or if you want access to exclusive stuff, you’ll want to join the official Roblox Discord server. As of writing, the server has almost 800,000 members and is the largest community-run Roblox Discord server to date. It’s geared toward users and creators alike. Here, you’ll be able to join voice chats, LFG, events, and get Roblox-related news firsthand, among others. Should you encounter any issues while playing Roblox, you’ll also be able to chat with the game developers directly to help sort them out. They’ll also sometimes give members of the server early access to new builds.


2. Roblox Intel


Roblox Intel is the perfect Roblox Discord server if you’re looking for exclusive perks, events, and all things Roblox-related. The server has more than 15,000 members currently, and it’s generally friendly and welcoming. It’s quite an active community, so you’ll surely make friends easily with fellow Roblox gamers through that group. It’s a very organized server as well. On it, there are channels solely dedicated to Roblox-related news, giveaways (which are separated into main, big, and small giveaways), game support, trading, voice chats, and many more. On top of that, the server also has its very own Roblox Intel podcast.


If you want to take a break from talking about Roblox with your newfound friends, there are channels for that, too. The Roblox Intel Discord server has a place where you can just chill and listen to music, share memes, and even ask for help with your homework.


3. Roblox Clubhouse


Roblox Clubhouse is a great option for those looking for a relatively cozier Roblox Discord server. It has less than 400 members at the moment, but it’s an active community nonetheless. The server focuses on providing Roblox players a place where they can trade, buy, and sell anything Roblox-related. When you purchase merch from its Roblox store or participate in trades, you get to earn all sorts of privileges and rank higher on the server. Plus, buying merch also qualifies you to be part of Roblox Clubhouse’s monthly giveaways, where you can win 10,000 Robux.


Of course, you don’t need to buy, sell, or trade anything to stay a part of the server. There are numerous channels and voice chats where you can just hang out with other Roblox players. The mods and admins of the server also hold challenges, quests of the day, and other contests to keep the members engaged.


4. Adopt Me Database


Adopt Me Database is one of the biggest Discord servers dedicated to Adopt Me — a game within Roblox where you can design your home, raise adorable pets, and befriend other players. With more than 60,000 members and counting, the Adopt Me Database server allows you to securely trade pets with other players, thanks to its roster of trusted middlemen.


Other than Adopt Me, this Roblox Discord server has channels for other Roblox games, including Murder Mystery 2 (or MM2) and Royale High. There are regular giveaways where you can win Discord Nitro , Robux, and Adopt Me pets. Plus, the server has active chats, so it’s easy to make friends and ask for help should you need it.


5. Roblox Trading Community


If you’re on the hunt for limited Roblox items, you should join the Roblox Trading Community on Discord. It has more than 23,000 members so far and offers all sorts of resources that help with trading on Roblox. Here, you’ll find traders that will help you with accepting and declining Roblox trades. Plus, the server also has trading-related news and Discord bots that give you the latest statistics on Roblox limited items.


Apart from that, Roblox Trading Community also does giveaways and often hosts game nights to keep members engaged. The server is also very secure; you won’t be able to view or access any of the channels without agreeing to the server rules and verifying your Roblox account.


6. The Roblox Exchange


The Roblox Exchange is another Roblox Discord server you should consider joining if you’re looking for a place to trade with other Adopt Me players. It’s completely secure and legit, and you can check out its dozens of proofs and vouches, which it has dedicated channels for. In this server, you’ll get to take part in all sorts of giveaways, including ones for Adopt Me pets, out-of-game pets, vehicles, potions, and more. If a giveaway is still active, you’ll find it in the pinned messages section of the giveaways channel, so it’s easily accessible, and you won’t miss out on a chance to win awesome prizes.


Besides giveaways, The Roblox Exchange also gives out booster perks and invite rewards. Plus, it’s a completely SFW and secure server with its own verification system.


7. Imperia


If you play both Roblox and Minecraft, the Imperia Discord server would be perfect for you. The server mostly hosts private games on Roblox and Minecraft, so it’s great if you’re looking for a group to schedule gaming sessions with. It only has around 800 members as of writing and has a variety of fun bots as well as dedicated text and voice chats for non-Roblox-related banter.


Imperia also hosts regular events and competitions to help you bond with other members more. Plus, every so often, there will be Discord Nitro and Robux giveaways, so you’ll want to keep an eye out for those. There are also movie nights and karaoke nights to take part in. Or, if you feel like it, you can even host them yourself!


8. Jailbreak


This Roblox Discord server is made specifically for those who play Jailbreak, an open-world game within Roblox that’s similar to Grand Theft Auto. Both of the developers of Jailbreak, asimo3089, and badcc, are themselves part of the server, and they regularly post updates about the game in the announcements channel. With more than 250,000 members and counting, the Jailbreak Discord server hosts giveaways and Q&A sessions with the game developers. There are also voice channels you can join if you want to hang out with other Jailbreak players.


9. Roblox Talent Show


If you love Roblox Talent Show, this is a great Roblox Discord server for you. With over 29,000 members so far, the Roblox Talent Show Discord server is the perfect community to join if you want to be among the first to know about announcements, updates, and news regarding this Roblox game. The server also hosts events to commemorate milestones like RTS anniversaries and reaching a certain number of members. Every so often, it also hosts contests and quests, so look out for those in the announcements channel. Plus, like most other Roblox Discord servers, the Roblox Talent Show server also does giveaways for Nitro and Robux.


10. Roblox Marketing Center


Roblox Marketing Center is another Roblox Discord server where players can buy and sell in-game items as well as ads. There are more than 26,000 players in the group, so it’ll be easy to sell or purchase whatever it is you’re looking for. Other than that, Roblox Marketing Center also gives out rewards when you boost the server or if you have a certain number of invites. You can also participate in giveaways for Discord Nitro and Robux.


11. Roblox Developers


Roblox Developers is one of the best Discord servers you can join if you’re a Roblox developer. Through this group, you’ll gain access to all of the resources you need to improve your games. You can get help with navigating Roblox Studios and other game development programs, promote your work, and chat with the friendly staff if you ever need help with anything Roblox-related. The server also has hiring and for-hire channels, so if you need extra pairs of hands for that Roblox game you’re making, just reach out to fellow developers through those channels.


Apart from game development, this server also tells you about Roblox news and updates and hosts giveaways. It also holds fun events (like game nights) and has various voice channels if you just want to hang out with your friends on the server.


12. Blox-it


Blox-it is another development-focused Roblox Discord server that you can join. It only has less than 200 members so far, which is great if large groups overwhelm you. Through this server, you can get assistance with anything related to programming, be it for Roblox or an entirely different game. It’s run by experienced and professional game developers, so it’s guaranteed that you’re getting programming help from people who know their stuff. Plus, the community is very friendly and will help you out whether you’re a veteran or are just starting out with programming, building, or UI.


Besides programming help, Blox-it has several bots that you can use if you just want to have fun and hang out with other members of the server. They also hold events and contests where you can win all sorts of rewards. Plus, your safety and security are guaranteed on the server, thanks to their transparent moderation system.


13. Bloxawards


Bloxawards is an awesome Roblox Discord server if you want to earn more Robux. All you have to do is be as active as you can, and you’ll increase your chances of winning prizes. The server has a huge membership base (currently more than 20,000), so it can be difficult to get picked. That said, everyone on the Bloxawards server is generally nice and helpful. You won’t ever see anyone pester the mods to be given prizes. Plus, all of the mods are fair and efficient, and you don’t need to complete any offers before you can withdraw the Robux you won.


14. VendexX Clan


VendexX Clan is a Discord server where fans of a wide variety of games convene. Besides Roblox, VendexX Clan also has channels for Valorant, Minecraft, Among Us, Apex Legends, Fortnite, and Call of Duty, among many others. Just click on the corresponding reaction in the game roles channel and you’ll be able to access the channels for your game.


In the Roblox chats, VendexX Clan provides updates and news regarding the game. It also has a Roblox LFG chat and a Roblox voice chat if you want to virtually hang out with your friends. Other than that, it also hosts giveaways and has organized channels for all sorts of things, like meme sharing, venting, and confessions.


15. W//Z & SB2 Wiki


If you play the games World//Zero and Swordburst 2 on Roblox, then this is the perfect Roblox Discord server for you! W//Z & SB2 Wiki is a buzzing community that has more than 9,000 members. When you join this server, you’ll get World//Zero and Swordburst 2 updates as soon as they’re released and be able to join giveaways, which happens every so often. There are also events, quests of the day, as well as chats for trading W//Z and SB2 items.


16. BeastyBlake101 Community


The BeastyBlake101 Community server is a group that the lead developer of Arcade Island and Arcade Island 2 created for these two Roblox games. With over 1,500 members, this Roblox Discord server posts regular updates about the Arcade Island series. Plus, through polls and surveys, you’ll also get to take part in developing future games and have a say in when and how they’ll be released.


The group doesn’t host giveaways yet, but you do get perks for boosting the server. It also hold events, both on the server and on Roblox. There are also channels for you to show off your art and other work, and numerous Discord voice chats for hanging out virtually.


17. RaceCodex


RaceCodex is another good Discord server to join if you want to read about Roblox-related news, meet other Roblox fans, and win cool prizes. The group, which has more than 42,000 members, has everything you need in a Roblox Discord server. It has text channels for general fun, bot commands, and getting help with programming, which is great if you’re a Roblox developer. The server’s mods also host giveaways where you can win as much as 30,000 Robux. You can also receive Discord Nitro perks when you boost the server.


18. Roblox: Survivor


Despite Roblox: Survivor’s deletion in 2020, the hit Roblox game is back and better than ever. Plus, the Discord server for the game is still up and active. It isn’t really as complex as the other Roblox Discord servers in this guide, and you won’t find giveaway channels or anything of that sort. That said, the mods of the server do give out chat rewards of as much as 40,000 Fire Tokens. As you earn more of these tokens, you also get more server privileges, like sending photos and links and being able to interact in more channels.


Members of this server mostly post in the chat when they’re hosting a new Roblox: Survivor game, so you can tag along with them if you’re up for a game. There’s also a channel for showcasing your gameplay.


19. Adventure Island


Adventure Island is another Roblox Discord server you can join if you want to participate in trades, giveaways, and various events. The group regularly gives out Robux and Discord Nitro as prizes, so it really pays to always be online on the server. You also won’t miss out on any of these chances if you do that. During events, you can even win all sorts of in-game items and in-game cash.


20. Roblox Public Marketplace


Roblox Public Marketplace is another Discord server you should join if you’re looking for a relatively small community where you can trade, buy, and sell Roblox items. At the moment, it only has a little over 600 members, but it’s still a very active server. In it, you’ll find Adopt Me and PSX pets, MM2 weapons, and Trade Tower items, among many others. You’ll also be able to participate in giveaways where you can win Robux and limited in-game items, and find trusted middlemen for Robux trading.


Join the Best Roblox Discord Servers


Being part of a Roblox Discord server is good for meeting fellow fans of the game, winning all sorts of prizes, and more! It is easy to join as well — just click on an invite link, accept the invite, and you’ll automatically be part of the Roblox Discord server. Most of the groups also involve a verification process, so it’s guaranteed that other members of the community are Roblox players as well and not just scammers.


We hope our list led you to the right Roblox Discord server for you. Do you know of other good Discord servers for Roblox that we didn’t mention here? Let us know in the comments!
