Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



RoPro - Enhance Your Roblox Experience Reviews


Best roblox extension ever. One suggestion though, it would be cool if RoPro could display the total hours played on your Roblox profile. 10/10 roblox extension!


Date of experience : February 11, 2023


Thank you guys for helping Turkey


Thank you guys for helping Turkey. I saw your Fundraise and ı live in Turkey. Thank you guys so much, this helps so much :)


Date of experience : February 07, 2023


This extension is just flat-out amazing!


This extension is just flat-out amazing, I saved time with this extension. You can find low ping servers, and even better! Profile themes! It also supports Btroblox and Roblox+. 100% recommend if you are a Roblox trader or just want new styles for Roblox. Also if you want to join the discord server use the code Ropro
See you on the Ropro.io community side! :D


Date of experience : December 31, 2021


love the new upgrade but i want robux…


love the new upgrade but i want robux please upgrade to give people robux without servey because that what all people in roblox want and some parent dont let they child play roblox because they use they credit card to by a lot of robux and i want your team or you to come up whit something to help use get that can get robux and more kid will want to play roblox and ad some more very cool, upgrade keep up the good work happy new year bye.


Date of experience : December 31, 2021


Really great for low ping servers


Without it i wouldn't be able to play on low ping which the feature that i bought Pro Tier for (i know Standard Tier also has the sort by best connection but Pro Tier has 2 features that i like which are the Live Visits and Live Active players i think) Also it has the Avatar sandbox which is such a great feature to test things on your avatar!


Date of experience : December 30, 2021


The Review!(For Users!


It's Great You Can Try Out Stuff It's Nice but Can You Not Put Premium Cause Its Just For Players Who Want to Try Out Some Stuff For Free Not Like 4 Dollar Per Month or Like that Please Make It Free And Anyways The App Is Good! And Thats The Reason I Gave 4 Stars Ok Thanks Bye Have A Great Da Fr all The readersAn Developers!(✿◠‿◠)


Date of experience : January 01, 2022


To The Creators Of RoPro


To the creators of RoPro
Thank you so much for making RoPo It really does help me. I'm sorry I cant say the stuff I love about RoPro because if I start saying it to you this will be the longest type ever that's how much I love RoPro. Let's just say everything about RoPro is good. 
Thanks 
From Your Biggest Fan 😀😉🤗


Date of experience : December 30, 2021


I wanted to review this as a thank you…


I wanted to review this as a thank you for the people on the *RoPro* extension, when I say you did a good job I mean it! Keep up the work even with the roblox community nowadays its good to know some people 
make this site great thank you.


Date of experience : January 08, 2022


Thanks RoPro you made my Roblox…


Thanks RoPro you made my Roblox Experience are more better than the first! When I be going to start playing a game in Roblox I first see how much servers are in the game! RoPro made it more fun thank you so much RoPro makers.


Date of experience : December 30, 2021


Ropro not letting me find servers.


I got on Roblox one day,And I went to find a server with one person, so it's like a private server etc,And then it didn't let me find a server,it only let me refresh,I don't know if it's an update,but I don't like it.


Date of experience : March 18, 2022


yh :,)


Literally this is one of the best extensions I have downloaded for Roblox. It helps me with trading too, so I'm not confused with certain things. It also helps me reach people way easier with the discord user option!!


Date of experience : January 08, 2022


Probably the best roblox extension


Probably the best roblox extension ive ever seen.
it has loads of great features and just make the overall experience better!
i would like some more additions like an ad blocker or custom website designs.


Date of experience : December 31, 2021


Give your review a title


RoPro Avatar Sandbox
Avatar editor changes
Experience quick search
Most played experiences on homepage
Experience playtime tracking
Server filters
Server invite links
Rejoin your most recent server
Join random server button
Profile status
Profile themes
Last online
Experience genre filters
Random experience button
Show popular experiences today
Upcoming Items section on catalog
Mutual friends
RoPro Reputation on profiles
Funções de Negociação
RoPro Trade Panel
Item Info Card
Trade age on sidebar
Quick Decline
Quick Cancel
Integrated user account value on profile
Trade Offers page
Trade Offers section on item page
Comments below items
Projected warnings on item page
Quick trade button for resellers
Hide serials toggle on trade page (for screenshots)


Date of experience : January 22, 2022


Best option!


It’s extremely good made but a bit expensive, it’s the best thing that I’ve ever tried.
It has never failed and the ONE thing that everyone needs to get the ultimate Roblox experience.


Date of experience : February 15, 2022


Random Server button missing


it would be 5 stars but recently the join random server button had disappeared i dont know why and i went to the ropro settings and it wouldnt let me turn it on it was stuck off.


Date of experience : April 16, 2022


Best RoPro.oi :D


SimonBlox: :D
RoPro makes my Roblox nice and cool, from Ropro.oi


RoPro makes Roblox Good or Kren also RoPro.oi has many features and can help me find the Player server alone.


Date of experience : April 30, 2022


Best Roblox Extension


I have to say this has to be one of the best extensions for Roblox. I would give 5 starts but sometimes the Avatar Sandbox is kinda buggy but otherwise this is a 10/10 extension.


Date of experience : March 30, 2022


review


this is a good extension, but the pro features lasts 
3-2days and you're stuck with the gray ropro logo aka the "free" subscription, other then some pros and cons, its good


Date of experience : December 31, 2021


Lots Of Cool Features


Lots of cool and amazing features to enhance the Roblox experience


Date of experience : January 23, 2023


Company activitySee all


Hasn’t replied to negative reviews


Our 2022 Transparency Report has landed


About RoPro - Enhance Your Roblox Experience


Information written by the company


RoPro is an extension for Chrome and Firefox that adds dozens of useful features to the Roblox web experience. Some key RoPro features include: • Avatar Sandbox - Try on any item combo! • Trade Value Calculator - Calculates trade values using updated Rolimons.com values! • Profile Themes - Customize your Roblox profile with custom backgrounds & HD wallpapers! • Game Genre Filters & More - Sort the games page by Genre & more filters • And dozens more unique features & new ones added every update. for a full list please visit our homepage: https://ropro.io


Contact



  
ropro@ropro.io

  
6503181631‬

  

  
1629 K. Street N.W., Suite 300

  
20006

  
Washington

  
United States




Category


The Trustpilot Experience


We're open to all


Anyone can write a Trustpilot review. People who write reviews have ownership to edit or delete them at any time, and they’ll be displayed as long as an account is active.


We champion verified reviews


Companies can ask for reviews via automatic invitations. Labeled Verified, they’re about genuine experiences.


Learn more about other kinds of reviews.


We fight fake reviews


We use dedicated people and clever technology to safeguard our platform. Find out how we combat fake reviews.


We encourage constructive feedback


We verify companies and reviewers


Verification can help ensure real people write reviews about real companies.


We advocate against bias


It goes against our guidelines to offer incentives for reviews. We also ensure all reviews are published without moderation.


Choose country



  
Danmark

  
Österreich

  
Schweiz

  
Deutschland

  
Australia

  
Canada

  
United Kingdom

  
Ireland

  
New Zealand

  
United States

  
España

  
Suomi

  
Belgique België

  
France

  
Italia

  
日本

  
Norge

  
Nederland

  
Polska

  
Brasil

  
Portugal

  
Sverige




About


Community


Businesses


Follow us on


Stefanuk12/RoProPatcher


This commit does not belong to any branch on this repository, and may belong to a fork outside of the repository.


Name already in use


A tag already exists with the provided branch name. Many Git commands accept both tag and branch names, so creating this branch may cause unexpected behavior. Are you sure you want to create this branch?


Sign In Required


Please sign in to use Codespaces.


Launching GitHub Desktop


If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.


Launching GitHub Desktop


If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.


Launching Xcode


If nothing happens, download Xcode and try again.


Launching Visual Studio Code


Your codespace will open once ready.


There was a problem preparing your codespace, please try again.


Latest commit


Git stats


Files


Failed to load latest commit information.


README.md 


This automatically patches the RoPro extension for you, allowing you to have pro_tier for free.


My RoPro subscription has expired as of 29/01/2023. This means that the servers will appear as "Unknown Region". If you have a subscription and would like to help everyone else out, please message me on Discord or create an issue so we can talk further.


Chrome, Brave (and possibly other browsers) have a feature that checks the hash of the extension. This means that it will flag as corrupted. Therefore, you will have to download the extension, patch it with a custom path and use developer mode to load an unpacked extension.


This currently does not support Firefox but it easily can be done manually. To disable hash check, download the nightly build and then it will be an optional flag.



  
Go to where your extension is installed, usually at %appdata%\Mozilla\Firefox\Profiles followed by your profile name (the most recently modified folder) and finally into extensions .

  
From there, find the RoPro file - for me it is named .xpi .

  
Now, change the .xpi extension to .zip and extract.

  
Next, apply the custom path patch to it.

  
Rezip the file and change the extension back to .xpi .

  
Make sure to override the old extension.




this should get around Chrome/Brave's "corrupted" message



  
Download Chrome extension source viewer in the Chrome Store

  
Go to RoPro

  
Open the extension we downloaded, and press "Download as zip"

  
Extract the downloaded extension

  
Use the custom patcher to patch the downloaded extension

  
Enable developer mode on your browser

  
For example, go to opera://extensions (or wherever you can view your extensions)

  
Press "Load unpacked" (or similar) and select the patched extension folder

  
Done!




You can view a fully manual YouTube tutorial here


Getting RoPro Verification Token


This will detail how to get your verification token which 99% of you will find no use for. This token is used for tracking playtime for a specific user. By using this token, you are able to track playtime for your main account while on your alt account.



  
Go to your extensions in your browser, e.g. chrome://extensions

  
You should see something like Inspect views background page under RoPro

  
Press on the underlined background page

  
The developer console for the extensions should open, go to the console tab

  
Execute this await getStorage("userVerification")

  
The format will be




About


This automatically patches the RoPro extension for you, allowing you to have pro_tier for free.


KH0DIN/FREE-RoPro-Rex


This commit does not belong to any branch on this repository, and may belong to a fork outside of the repository.


Name already in use


A tag already exists with the provided branch name. Many Git commands accept both tag and branch names, so creating this branch may cause unexpected behavior. Are you sure you want to create this branch?


Sign In Required


Please sign in to use Codespaces.


Launching GitHub Desktop


If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.


Launching GitHub Desktop


If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.


Launching Xcode


If nothing happens, download Xcode and try again.


Launching Visual Studio Code


Your codespace will open once ready.


There was a problem preparing your codespace, please try again.
