Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



RWBY: Amity Arena APK


Brought to you by Hangame and Rooster Teeth Animation, RWBY: Amity Arena transforms your mobile device into a Scroll connected to the Cross Continental Transmit System, so you can play with friends all across the globe! Inspired by Remnant: The Board Game, RWBY: Amity Arena takes Remnant by storm as the first Scroll game of its kind. Influences from the Remnant’s favorite board game can be seen with the mixed cast of Grimm, Atlesian Technology, but with an added twist of up and coming Huntsmen and Huntresses that have made the roster for the next Vytal Festival.


CHOOSE YOUR HUNTSMEN
Pick any Huntsmen or Huntress from Vale, Mistral, Atlas or Vacuo! Each with unique Dust-infused abilities, semblances, and weapons, and pit your teams against your fellow Academy members in friendly matches before taking on opponents in real-time to climb the ranking ladders!


FIGHT IN THE TOURNAMENT
Compete against other academies and teams to climb to the top of the leaderboard! With your favorite units and characters, prove your prowess on a global stage. Mix and match Creatures of Grimm, famous Huntsmen, members of the White Fang, or Atlesian military to supplement your team!


EXPERIENCE THE WORLD OF REMNANT
From the frozen peaks of Atlas to the courtyard in front of Beacon Academy, battle your team against other players around the globe. around the globe! Unlock new Arenas and locations in Remnant, build a solid deck of characters, and craft brilliant strategies of your own!


CUSTOMIZE YOUR DECK
Collect dozens of cards of your favorite characters from the RWBY universe. Use their semblances and skills to fight against opponents, knocking out their units, and destroying their structures. Learn from friends and Academy mates the best tactics, strategies, skill timing, and high level plays to win every match!


COMPETE AGAINST OTHER PLAYERS
Real-time strategic duels means you go head-to-head against another human opponent. Use your wits and skills to outplay your opponent and destroy their buildings before they destroy yours! Discover the ability and utility of each card, and use them to turn the tables at the last second!


Download RWBY: Amity Arena today!


Follow @RWBYAmityArena on Facebook and Instagram and @RWBYAmityArena on Twitter for the latest news and updates! 
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/rwbyamityarena/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/rwbyamityarena 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/rwbyamityarena/


App Permissions
■ Access to Storage (WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE / READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE)
We use this permission to save additional download and update files to your external storage, when necessary.


■ Access to Calls (READ_PHONE_STATE)
We do not use this permission to make or access your calls! 
This permission is necessary in order to receive your device's and call service provider information to assist you when a problem with the game is found and reported to our Customer Service through the app.


RWBY: Amity Arena is free to download and play, but some in-app currency and items can be purchased with real money. You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download RWBY: Amity Arena. Please check our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy for more details.


RWBY: Amity Arena


RWBY: Amity Arena is a real-time RTS that's not unlike Clash Royale. Starring characters from the North American Anime series, Rooster Teeth, it keeps to the 3D animation style of the TV show throughout the game.


Game systems will definitely ring a bell for anyone who's ever played Clash Royale. Your enemy's main tower is your target, and you'll need to make use of your troops -- which generate at random according to a range of preset characters available in your deck. Certain cards have a higher energy cost and other require a longer cool down period.


Join up in free field battles or in arena-style combat that gains you access to a full league of higher level players -- if you're good enough, that is. As you advance you'll face increasingly difficult battles that'll require you to adeptly fatten up your deck with the right balance of characters. Level up their abilities with the winnings you pick up via the winner's haul of hefty prize chests after each battle.


RWBY: Amity Arena is an almost canonical MOBA. Its main appeal is the charm of its graphics and the fact that you can interact with characters from Rooster Teeth like Ruby Weiss, Blake and the whole lot of inhabitants that live in the world of Remnant.


Requirements (Latest version)


More information
