Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Scary Teacher 3D


Scary Teacher 3D es un juego similar a Hello Neighbor en el que tendremos que sumergirnos en un mundo en tres dimensiones con el objetivo de escapar de una tenebrosa profesora. Esta señora anda detrás de sus alumnos para sembrar venganza y deberemos ponernos en la piel de uno de ellos para escapar de la docente a la par que le hacemos la vida imposible.


El sistema de control es bastante sencillo y tan solo tendremos que pulsar sobre la cruceta direccional para movernos por el escenario. A medida que vayamos avanzando por los niveles del juego nuestro objetivo será el de caminar por cada una de las dependencias de la casa o el colegio para huir de la tenebrosa señora. Para ello también resultará esencial hacer uso de los elementos que vamos encontrando por cada habitación.


Es aquí cuando llega uno de los puntos más divertidos de Scary Teacher 3D. Para interaccionar con cada uno de los elementos tan solo tendremos que apuntar con la mirada sobre él para posteriormente pulsar en el botón ubicado en la parte derecha de la pantalla. Así será posible utilizar cada utensilio con la finalidad de realizar trastadas a la profesora. Además, en la esquina superior derecha de la interfaz contaremos con una especie de espejo retrovisor con el que mantendremos controlada a esta mujer.


Scary Teacher 3D es uno de esos juegos en tres dimensiones que disponen de un apartado gráfico propicio para sumergirnos en cada uno de los niveles del juego. Sin lugar a dudas, la emoción por escapar de esta terrorífica profesora nos brindará muchos momentos de entretenimiento.


Requisitos (Última versión)


Preguntas frecuentes


¿Es Scary Teacher 3D un juego de terror?


Scary Teacher 3D es principalmente un juego de supervivencia, por lo que contiene elementos propios del género de horror. Sin embargo, tiene también puntos muy divertidos, y está recomendado para mayores de 12 años, por lo que no posee imágenes desagradables.


¿Puedo jugar a Scary Teacher 3D en PC?


Scary Teacher 3D es un juego para dispositivos Android pero puedes jugar en PC también. Para ello tendrás que instalar el APK que ofrecemos en un emulador. En Uptodown tenemos varios disponibles en el catálogo, como Nox Player, LDPlayer y GameLoop entre otros.


¿Puedo jugar a Scary Teacher 3D en offline?


No, Scary Teacher 3D no se puede jugar en offline. Algunos de los niveles y de las funcionalidades de la aplicación requieren conexión a internet para funcionar correctamente.


¿Hay multijugador en Scary Teacher 3D?


No, no hay multijugador en Scary Teacher 3D. El juego solo se puede jugar en modo single-player.


Más información

 Nombre de paquete com.zakg.scaryteacher.hellgame  Licencia Gratis  Sistema operativo Android    Categoría Estrategia  Idioma Español

Scary Teacher 3D MOD APK v6.0 (Unlimited Money)


The description of Scary Teacher 3D MOD APK v6.0 (Unlimited Money)


Explore this Article



  
Story/Gameplay

  
Features

  
Simple and accessible gameplay

  
Freely explore the open world house

  
A variety of different items and tools to work with

  
Different rooms with multiple mysteries

  
Interesting game modes to have fun with

  
Have fun with the offline gameplay

  
Suitable gameplay for gamers of all ages

  
Easily pick up your daily rewards

  
Free to play

  
Enjoy the unlocked mobile title on our website



  
Graphics

  
Sound & Music




Have you ever thought of scaring the villains? Such an outrageous idea isn’t it? Since things often are the other way around. But what if you can teach a lesson to the meanie and cruel individuals, wouldn’t it be a valuable opportunity? And that is exactly what you’ll get with the awesome gameplay of Scary Teacher 3D, as the game allows you to freely set up tricks and pranks to scare and piss the hell out of the evil high school teacher.


Have fun experiencing the unique and refreshing gameplay as you freely discover the environments and come up with tons of interesting ideas to prank the fierce neighbor teacher. Take your revenge on the cruel women and you inspect her house, look for any opportunities to scare the hell out of her. And be the one who has the last laugh in Scary Teacher 3D.


Find out more about the awesome game from Z & K Games with our in-depth reviews.


Story/Gameplay


Here in the interesting gameplay of Scary Teacher 3D, Android gamers will find themselves having fun with the hilarious gameplay of simulation as you freely discover the scary house of the evil teacher. Explore different areas and aspects of the house, come up with interesting ways to interact with the game, and take on many hilarious pranks against the tigerish woman.


Take on many different game modes and freely roam around the house pranking the teacher. Carefully plan out your moves and come up with many innovative plans to make sure that you can easily get pass her guard. Watch the woman walking into your traps and enjoy seeing her getting angry with their nasty curses and hilarious expressions. This should really help you to relax and have fun with the exciting game.


Features


Here are all the exciting features that the game has to offer:


Simple and accessible gameplay


To start with, Android gamers in Scary Teacher 3D will find themselves quickly getting familiar with the exciting gameplay of simulation and puzzle, thanks to the simple control options. Here, you can freely move around the house and make use of the action buttons to jump, duck, or do whatever you need to stay away from the scary teacher’s sight.


At the same time, the in-game experiences are also extremely simple and accessible, as all you need is to receive your objectives, get the hint, work on the missions, and have fun watching the angry teacher react to the pranks. Having said that, it’s the challenging gameplay of stealth action and hilarious moments that make the game extremely fun and addictive.


Freely explore the open world house


And right off the bat, Android gamers in Scary Teacher 3D, can freely explore the open-world environment with a massive house for you to freely discover. Feel free to move around the different areas of the house, get into different rooms, plan out for different pranks by making uses of the unique environments. The list goes on.


A variety of different items and tools to work with


To make sure that you can have all the items and tools to plan out for your pranks, Scary Teacher 3D will offer a variety of different discoverables that you can find around the house. In each level, you can freely explore the rooms and look for items that are really needed. Make uses of your creativity and come up with interesting ways to overcome the in-game challenges. And most importantly, Scary Teacher 3D will provide the tracking tool so that you can always check on the movement of the scary teacher, in case she is moving toward you.


Different rooms with multiple mysteries


And in the massive house in Scary Teacher 3D, gamers will have access to 15 different rooms, each offering its own interesting gameplay to discover. Feel free to engage yourself in the addictive in-game mysteries and have fun solving the unique puzzles in Scary Teacher 3D. Explore these unique experiences and have fun with the awesome gameplay of Scary Teacher 3D to the fullest.


Interesting game modes to have fun with


For those of you who are interested, you can now have fun with Scary Teacher 3D in many unique game modes, each offering its own unique experiences.



  
Career mode – Start by having fun with the main gameplay of Scary Teacher 3D by taking on multiple in-game adventures, each offering its own setups and stories. Explore the different missions and come up with multiple ways to deal with your enemies. Enjoy the career gameplay with up to dozens of different stories to explore.

  
Teaser mode – And for those of you who are interested in terrorizing the cruel teacher right away, you can now make uses of the available teaser mode, which offer tons of different items for you to play with. Feel free to throw cakes, scary creatures, and many prank items toward her as you try out everything in the teaser mode.

  
Multiplayer – To allow gamers to have more fun with the game, you can now have fun with the interesting online game mode. Feel free to play the game with friends and online gamers to double your fun.




Have fun with the offline gameplay


And despite all the exciting features, gamers in Scary Teacher 3D can also have fun with both the career and teaser game mode without having to connect to the Internet. Feel free to discover your exciting gameplay of simulation and have fun with Scary Teacher 3D whenever you are outside and don’t want to spend your mobile data.


Suitable gameplay for gamers of all ages


Also, for parents, you can also allow your kids to enjoy the hilarious and creative gameplay of Scary Teacher 3D, despite it having the scary theme. With no blood and gore effects, along with the funny and friendly approaches, the game is totally suited for gamers of all ages, which is quite similar to the likes of Ice Scream Episode 2.


Easily pick up your daily rewards


Here in Scary Teacher 3D, gamers will also have access to many interesting in-game daily rewards, which you can get without having to do anything. Not to mention that with the stacking rewards, you’ll find yourself enjoying your awesome prizes at the end of the month.


Free to play


And despite all the exciting in-game features, Android gamers in Scary Teacher 3D can still have fun with the free version of the game on the Google Play Store. Here, you can enjoy the majority of the in-game features without having to pay anything. But if you want more, then you should definitely go for the modified version of the game on our website.


Enjoy the unlocked mobile title on our website


Speaking of which, the modded app on our website provides tons of accessible and unlocked gameplay for you to freely discover. Here, you can get rid of annoying ads, unwanted in-game purchases, and many other bothering features. All it takes is for you to download and install the Scary Teacher 3D Mod APK on our website, follow the provided instructions, and you’ll be good to go.


Visual and sound quality


Graphics


With engaging 3D graphics and on-themed visual experiences, Scary Teacher 3D allows Android gamers to truly immerse themselves in the scary gameplay. And at the same time, with powerful and exciting in-game elements, you should find yourself enjoying the thrilling and exhilarating experiences even more. Lastly, thanks to the undemanding in-game graphics, mobile gamers in Scary Teacher 3D should find it relatively easy to enjoy the smooth and satisfying mobile title on any of their Android devices.


Sound & Music


Together with the interesting graphics and immersive visuals, gamers in Scary Teacher 3D will enjoy their doubled fun with powerful in-game music and exciting audio. All of which should make the game a lot more fun and exciting.


Final thoughts


Get ready to dive yourself into the awesome gameplay of horror and comedy with Scary Teacher 3D, as you try to prank and play around with the cruel teacher. Come up with plenty of creative and clever ways to deal with her alertness. And pull off interesting tricks to prank her. And with the free and unlocked version of the game now available on our website, you should find it even more enjoyable.


Scary Teacher 3D


Jump into a creepy 3D world and try to escape a terrifying teacher in this game that's similar to Hello Neighbor. In this game, the teacher is determined to wreak havoc and it's up to you to help one of her students as they try to escape. and make her life miserable.


Scary Teacher 3D has super simple controls: simply tap on the virtual D-pad to move your character across the map, explore each room, complete levels, and finally escape the evil teacher. As you explore all the rooms, it's important to pick up and use all the items you find along the way.


At this point, you'll discover one of the game's most entertaining features. To interact with different items, simply move the camera until it's in your field of vision, and then tap on the button on the right side of the screen. This was you can use each item and prank the teacher. But make sure to use the rear-view mirror in the upper right corner of the screen to keep an eye out for your insane teacher while pulling pranks.


Scary Teacher 3D has 3D graphics that will immerse you in each terrifying level. Download this game and be entertained for hours as you try to escape -and prank-the terrifying teacher.


Requirements (Latest version)


Frequent questions


Is Scary Teacher 3D a horror game?


Scary Teacher 3D is primarily a survival game, but it also contains elements of the horror genre. That said, it's also very entertaining and is recommended for players 12 and older, since it doesn't have unpleasant images.


Can I play Scary Teacher 3D on PC?


Scary Teacher 3D is a game for Android devices but you can play it on PC as well. To do so, simply install the APK on an emulator. The Uptodown catalog offers several emulators, such as Nox Player, LDPlayer, and GameLoop, among others.


Can I play Scary Teacher 3D offline?


No, Scary Teacher 3D cannot be played offline. Some of the app's levels and features require an Internet connection to work properly.


Is there multiplayer on Scary Teacher 3D?


No, there is no multiplayer on Scary Teacher 3D. The game can only be played in single player mode.


More information

 Package Name com.zakg.scaryteacher.hellgame  License Free  Op. System Android    Category Strategy  Language English
