Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Three Paces East Seapost


The Three Paces East Seapost is one of eight Seaposts in Sea of Thieves. It can be found within The Wilds at coordinates S-10.


Contents


Features


Trading Post


Like other Seaposts, three random Cosmetics can be purchased here from the Shopkeeper a 10% discount from the normal price.



  
The items rotate once every in-game day (24 minutes) at 12:00 in the morning.

  
Items will be any regular Clothing, Vanity, Equipment, Weapons, and Ship items purchasable with Gold at Outposts.

  
The daily selection of items is the same across all Seaposts.




Hunter's Call


In addition to the Trader, a Hunter's Call Representative can be found here, who will accept any Fish, Meat or Treacherous Plunder for Gold and Hunter's Call Reputation.


Quest Board


With the introduction of player buried treasure in Season Five, this Seapost has been outfitted with a Quest Board that players can post their own maps at or receive maps posted by other pirates.


How Much is a Pace in Sea of Thieves?


Sea of Thieves is upon us and with it comes hours of traveling the seas with your crew and finding oodles of treasure, and to do that, you’re going to need to know how to measure paces in Sea of Thieves.


One thing you will be doing a lot of in the new pirate adventure from Rare is digging up treasure chests. Your character is equipped with a shovel and that will be your best friend throughout your time with Sea of Thieves.


During your playtime you’ll come across maps that ask you to go to various islands and find different treasure chests. One thing this maps will ask you to do is to take X amount of paces northwest or something along those lines.


What actually defines a pace in Sea of Thieves?


Good question and we actually have a definitive answer for you.


While you can guess the actual distance of a pace we actually have the exact measurement for you so you’ll never have to worry about walking too far or too little ever again. To measure a pace all you have to do is pull out your compass and hold down the Right Trigger if you’re using an Xbox One controller and Left-Click if you’re on PC.


This will hold your compass out in front of you and your controller will vibrate with each pace you take. If you’re on PC without a controller you will also be able to listen to your character’s feet shuffle on the ground and count paces that way. If done correctly you should be able to whip out your shuffle and strike the chest on your first attempt.


By learning how to count your paces it makes searching for treasure a lot easier. You’ll no longer have to wander around aimlessly digging a million holes. You’ll also be able to impress your friends with your ability to find treasure on the first try every time. You should probably share the information with the rest of the crew if you don’t want them to hate you.


The name of the game is getting more chests than everyone and getting more loot for better gear and weapons. This will be made a whole lot easier if you are able to streamline your treasure hunting and getting off islands as quick as possible.


With enough practice your compass might not even be needed for counting paces. Practice makes perfect so you’ll become a pro in no time if you just keep counting those paces. You’ll soon become the envy of your crew if you master the art of the pace.


Sea of Thieves releases March 20 for Xbox One and PC. The game is an Xbox Play Anywhere title meaning a digital copy on Xbox One will also get you a copy on PC and vice-versa. For more Sea of Thieves guides and news make sure to check out the rest of our gaming coverage.


Can someone explain paces?


So I know you can hold up your compass to count paces but how exactly do they work on map?


Hold up the compass and you can hear your steps


paces = steps when you walk


Lol yeah I know that but how do you calculate in regards to map scale?


Once I arrive at an island of course


Left Trigger when holding compass and your character takes steps


Paces are usually stated in riddles, if you've just got a map then go to the X and dig in roughly that area.


Gotcha, I haven’t gotten a riddle yet so this is helpful. Thank you!


Why would you want to count the paces if you have an X that marks the Location? Counting Paces i mostly for the Riddle-Maps


Edit: Aye okay already got answered :)


About Community


Sea of Thieves is an action-adventure free-roaming pirate video game developed by Rare and published by Microsoft Studios for Windows 10, Xbox Series S/X, and Xbox One.


Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform. For more information, please see our Cookie Notice and our Privacy Policy .
