Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Hacking


I really wonder if I'm the only person here that knows how to hack this game pretty easily. I feel like shell shockers should probably fix a few of the console commands as some of them can help players a fair bit. I can see through walls as sniper but honestly. is it too much to ask for less console commands?


Downvote if you like, I'm just trying to make a point.


Edit: this no longer works due to GameScene not being a valid function. If you have an alternative for GameScene, please tell me.


how do you hack shellshockers


i haven't had a poke around yet, but is it limited to just wallhacks?


You can see through walls, check where everyone's coordinates are, and see all items.


Just type gameScene.force(BoundingBox or Wire Frame) = true; in the console and you will be able to check stuff.


How do u access the console I wanna try that


sorry for being late, but could you give a few examples of these commands? i've never heard of this feature. cheers!


I think I have examples in other places in this thread. I can’t find example right now as I’m without my computer.


u can do ctrl+s if on windows


my thoughts about this is pretty awesome because wallhacks thats insane


so i tried to this is and it didnt work


Really? I’ll check on it tomorrow. Shellshock may have updated and worked around the hack.


how do you open the console


About Community


Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform. For more information, please see our Cookie Notice and our Privacy Policy .


Weapons


Shell Shockers has 7 varieties of main weapons available for use. They include:


An excellent rifle with a high rate of fire. It is best used at medium range, but the problem is it does very little damage. Does a maximum of 30 damage and a minimum of 2 damage per bullet.


A 2-shot shotgun that scrambles anyone unfortunate to be right in front of the user. Does a maximum of 150 damage and a minimum of 2 damage per shot.


Semi-auto rifle with a scope. Best at mid-long range, also an effective countersniper, it is the only gun that stays consistent doing actual damage. Does a maximum of 101 damage and a minimum of 1 damage per shot.


An egg rocket launcher. Only effective at mid-long range. It is great at clearing groups of eggs, and can also be used as a countersniper weapon. Does a maximum of 200+ damage and a minimum of 3 damage per direct impact. Does a maximum of 100 damage and a minimum of 3 damage per explosion splash.


A devastating close-range submachine gun that puts quantity of bullets over damage. Its high rate of fire should turn most eggs into perforated shells. Does a maximum of 15 damage and a minimum of 0 damage per bullet.


A long range sniper. Has 1 in clip and 20 bullets total. Can be used at close & medium range. It has the ability to 1 shot kill anyone at anytime anywhere on any map. Bullets can pierce through eggs to hit a second target. Does a maximum of 165 damage per shot and a minimum of 1 damage.


A very round and extremely overpowered version of the EggK-47. Has 24 in clip and 150 bullets total. It shoots in burst of 3, having a total of 8 bursts per clip. Does a maximum of 40 damage per bullet or 120 per burst and a minimum of 1 damage per bullet.


A mini version of the EggK-47, capped at a maximum of 4.5 shot per second. Does a maximum of 25 damage and a minimum of 0 damage per bullet.


An explosive just like the bullet from a RPEGG, thrown as a projectile. Does a maximum of 100 damage and a minimum of 1 damage upon explosion.
