Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



[FO4] What's this on PS4 about Sim Settlements 2?


I noticed the message in the menu, I play on PS4 and after checking the creation club, and mod featured and search can't seem to find anything.
Is this something on my end? I'm confused.


It's a mod that can't be ported to PS4 due to Sony's restrictions. But the main menu message is the same across all platforms, sorry.


That explains why I couldnt find it on the mod list. That sucks


It's got nothing to do with restrictions. That's bethesda's way of saying they're in bed with Microsoft and we can fuck off.


Bethesda added mod support for consoles long before MS attempts to acquire ZeniMax Media (Bethesda parent company, and the deal is supposed to be finished by the second half of fiscal year 2021), so the restriction is on the Sony's part.


P.S.: Sony only allows mods that use assets that already exist in the game and must be distributed via in-game mods store, while MS only allows mods that can be done in Creation Engine (including any new assets that want to add) and must be distributed via in-game mods store.


Sim settlements 2 ps4


The sequel to the acclaimed Fallout city-building simulator comes with an epic story, settlement gameplay overhaul, and much more.


Requirements:


Available on PC and XBOX


Nexus Mods


Bethesda.net


Chapter Two


The Gunners have become a serious threat. Gather your allies and fight to free the Commonwealth from their tightening grip.


Requirements:


Available on PC and XBOX


Nexus Mods


Bethesda.net


Get Involved


The Wiki


Our community knowledge-base has everything you need to know about the Sim Settlements 2.


The Forums


Ask questions, get help, make suggestions, report bugs, or learn how to mod and make Add-On packs.


Join the Team


We’re always in need of talent. Most of the time, no modding experience is needed!


Buy Merch


Wear the new badge with pride to celebrate the sequel! All profits are recycled back into the mod.


Support Us


Get access to a supporter Discord, a video shout-out, sneak peaks, merch discounts, and more!


Looking for the old mods?


The original Sim Settlements & Conqueror are still supported with patches and bug fixes. Future content updates will only be available for Sim Settlements 2.
