Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Sky On Fire 1940 9+


Sky On Fire : 1940 is the most realistic ww2 flight sim available on mobile.
A dozen of planes are flyable, with a sandbox like gameplay. Fly and have fun !


Sky On Fire : 1940 is an indie WW2 flight sim !


The game takes place in the early years of the war , from the battle for France to the battle of Britain. 4 nations will be playable : Germany, France, England, and Italy. You can fly different aircraft , including legends such as the Spitfire, Hurricane, B.P. Defiant, Bf 109, Bf 110 Ju 87 , Ju 88 or He 111.


Multicrew makes it possible to control each individual crewmember in your aircraft, you can even let the AI pilot and light up ennemies on your 6 with a rear gun !


Use the mission editor to create your own scenarios, and with a free camera and photo mode, you will be able to save your best pics.


Engage in dogfights with a challenging AI, thanks to the mission editor, you can decide to fight either in a 1v1 or in a huge battle with dozens of airplanes.


I am the only person working on it. You can check the discord server to be aware of new update and chat a bit with me and a lot of experienced players.


Don't be fooled by the low-poly style , the game uses realistic physics , airfoil based and as close as possible to the reality !
It can be considered as the most realist WW2 flight sim available on mobile.


Sky On Fire : 1940


Sky On Fire: 1940 - инди-симулятор полета о Второй мировой войне!


Действие игры происходит в первые годы войны, от битвы за Францию ​​до битвы за Британию. Будут доступны 4 страны: Германия, Франция, Англия и Италия. Вы можете управлять разными самолетами, включая легендарные, такие как Spitfire, Hurricane, B.P. Defiant, Bf 109, Bf 110 Ju 87, Ju 88 или He 111.


Multicrew позволяет управлять каждым отдельным членом экипажа в вашем самолете, вы даже можете позволить ИИ пилотировать и зажигать врагов на своих 6 с помощью заднего ружья!


Используйте редактор миссий, чтобы создавать свои собственные сценарии, а с помощью бесплатной камеры и режима фото вы сможете сохранить свои лучшие фотографии.


Участвуйте в воздушных боях со сложным ИИ, благодаря редактору миссий вы можете сражаться либо один на один, либо в огромном сражении с десятками самолетов.


Эта игра - своего рода студенческий проект, и я единственный, кто над этим работает. Вы можете проверить сервер Discord, чтобы быть в курсе новых обновлений, и немного поболтать со мной и множеством страстных поклонников.


Пусть вас не обманывает стиль low-poly, игра использует реалистичную физику, основанную на аэродинамике и максимально приближенную к реальности!
Его можно считать самым реалистичным авиасимулятором времен Второй мировой войны, доступным для мобильных устройств.
