Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



How to Slide Cancel in Modern Warfare 2


Slide Canceling is a nifty tactic to reduce the time it takes to ADS after sliding within Modern Warfare 2. It can allow you to have faster reaction times and often leads to more firefights being won.


This page acts as a comprehensive breakdown of how to slide cancel within Modern Warefare 2, and the best settings to have to make it easier.


Settings for Slide Canceling


The best settings to make Slide Canceling easier are the following:



  
Head to your Controller settings and go to Movement Behaviors

  
Switch the Automatic Sprint option to Automatic Tactical Sprint





  
Also switch Weapon Mount Activation to Double-Tap ADS.

  
Go to the Advanced tab and check the Invert Slide And Dive Behavior is set to Standard




How to Slide Cancel


The order in which you will need to execute actions is as follows:


This needs to be done in very quick succession, so can take a few tries to get exactly right. You'll know you're doing it right when you ADS almost immediately, as opposed to the slower draw of your weapon that usually happens. If you do it correctly, you'll know.


NOTE: This is technically not an intentional feature, so could be patched out or changed by the developers at any time.


Looking for more? Check out our Multiplayer Tips and Tricks page to ensure you have the advantage going into each and every gunfight!


Up Next: How to Bunny Hop in Modern Warfare 2


Top Guide Sections


Was this guide helpful?


In This Wiki Guide


In Hogwarts Legacy, there are many types of locks that will block your path as you seek to explore the depths of Hogwarts, as well as access to certain buildings in chests also found in Hogsmeade Village and the Highlands. As you learn the Alohomora unlocking spell from the groundskeeper, Mr. Moon, you’ll find out about Demiguise Statues - small statues of creatures holding glowing moons that can be obtained only when they shimmer at night.By finding these Demiguise Statues, Mr. Moon will teach you more powerful versions of Alohomora to unlock level 2 and level 3 locks. So, to help you upgrade your lockpicking skills, this video details the locations for all Demiguise Statues you can find across all the regions in Hogwarts Legacy.


Controversial topic: Slide cancel macro


I slidecancel all around the map, around corners, down slopes, everwhere. Yet i sometimes get sniped, and when i check the killcam i spend 1 second normal tac sprinting like an AI, and it gets me killed.


This got me thinking: Slide cancel macro?


Since i am a lefty my controls are binded a bit differently, but i have to press w+capslock+ctrl+ctrl+spacebar to perform a single slidecancel. This is a ridiculous amount of clicks, and means that i don't do it as often as i should.


What is the generel opinion on automating this? It would have a fixed delay, meaning the slide would have a fixed distance. Therefore it would have to be used in conjunction with manual slidecancelling, to achieve proper sweat movement, as no two situations are the same. It would be used, to bob around when running from a to b on flat surface, to ensure constant movement of the head hitbox.


Would you consider this cheating? It is not your rapid fire, recoil countering aimbot bullshit, but is still giving the player an advantage.


What is your opinion on this?
