Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



App Use


Please check the processor of the device through the system settings. If it does not meet the compatibility list requirements, it is recommended to use other mobile devices to install the app to activate the camera. After that, please use other methods to control the camera and use the Insta360 Studio on the desktop to edit the files. Please click this link for a tutorial. If the mobile phone or tablet processor meets the requirements, but the app cannot be installed, please click here to contact us and provide a screenshot of any related error message for further support.


Q3: Why can't I add Stats to my video?


To edit the video with Stats added, GPS data is essential, if there is no option to add Stats during editing, please confirm:



  
If shooting with the app, please ensure that the Stats or GSV option is turned on before shooting, and the phone has GPS positioning permission for the app. After starting the shooting on the app, ensure the screen doesn't go off and the app is running in the foreground.

  
If not shooting with the app, please make sure it is being controlled by an Apple Watch or a GPS remote; if not, the video won't have GPS data, and Stats won't work.

  
If with the app, Apple Watch or GPS remote control, and the operation is correct, but the video still doesn't have GPS data, it may be caused by poor GPS signal. Please go to an open outdoor place to test.




If after the above operation, the video still has no GPS data, please click here to contact us with all detailed info for further support.


Q4: What can I do if an editing template doesn’t recognize any of my footage?


To select any template for editing, please make sure that the shot footage has the required elements in the template to be detected; if the template is selected but there is no optional footage, it proves that the app does not detect footage that meets the required elements of the template, please refer to the template tutorial to shoot related materials, then try again.


Q5: What should I do if the app crashes?


If the app crashes, please refer to the following methods to troubleshoot:



  
Please confirm whether your mobile device meets the minimum configuration requirements in the compatibility list. If it doesn't, it may be caused by incompatibility;

  
If the mobile device meets the minimum configuration requirements of the compatibility list, please provide the following information to the official customer service to verify the issue:



  
App version, phone model, system version and system model, which can generally be viewed in the phone settings-About;

  
Detailed operation, and the time of the crash, such as starting the app, editing, or exporting, etc.;

  
If files are involved, please provide the file type and whether other types of files have the same problem;

  
Please refer to the following instructions according to the mobile phone system to obtain the crash log:




---Android devices: Find files starting with "crash" and ending with ".log" in file manager — internal storage — Android — data — com.arashivision.insta360akiko — files — Insta360OneR — crashlog. ---iOS devices: Provide the model number, iOS system, app version and the time of the last APP crash.


Please click here to contact us for further support.


Smart Card Utility 17+


Easily manage Smart Cards on your Mac. See the certificates on your Smart Cards, including Yubikeys and any device that supports the PIV standard.


What’s New


Fixed issue with changing PIN.


Ratings and Reviews


Nice Smart Card GUI


This is really just a nice GUI for the system smart card tools. Useful to that extent, but it as far as I can tell, it doesn't do anything you cant do in the terminal. 
Twocanoes has been pretty good at providing useful system tools for macOS, and has been doing so for a while. They have earned my trust and support.
 


App Works as expected


I am on 2 different machines (one with M1 and other that is intel CPU) Both running BigSur and version 2.7 of the Smart Card Utiliy. App reads my Smartcard (DoD CAC) with no issues. This is a wonderful tool and has been very helpful in using my CAC with the native Smartcard support again builtin to MacOS. It is very helpful to know the remaining pin attempts and to be able to see the details of the certificates on my CAC. Keep up the great work twocanoes!!
 


Site accessible are too few


The card reader works as designed. I am finally able to use my iPad Pro to access some of my DoD sites. However, for $149, I wish I could be able to access more sites than just 8.
 


Shortcomings: The number of sites currently accessible using this reader is too limited. I need them add more sites such as NROWS, BOL, NSIPS, MyNavy Portal and so on.


Please expand the number of enabled sites.
 

App Privacy


The developer, Twocanoes Software, Inc. , indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy.


Data Not Collected


The developer does not collect any data from this app.


Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More


Information


Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 14.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 14.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 14.0 or later. Mac Requires macOS 10.14 or later.
