Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



How to Download Snapchat on the Kindle Fire


Kindle Fire and Snapchat sound like a match made in heaven. The Amazon device has a huge display and a big resolution. To top it off, it also has a high-definition camera that can provide great snaps.


Since Amazon’s Fire OS is just a branch of the Android system, Snapchat should work smoothly on Kindle Fire. But, there’s one problem – there’s no Snapchat on the Amazon Appstore.


If you really want to install Snapchat on your Kindle Fire, there’s a way to do so. However, you’ll need to download it outside of the Appstore. Keep reading to find out how.


First Step: Allow Installation of Unknown Apps


Since you can’t download Snapchat the easy way, you’ll need to “sideload” the apps. Sideloading is installing the apps on a supported device without using the official app store.


By default, Amazon doesn’t allow you to install third-party apps, so you’ll have to manually disable this security measure. Here’s what you need to do:



  
Swipe down from the top of the screen to open the quick access bar.

  
Tap the Settings button at the right of the bar. 

  
Go to Device (or Security in some versions)

  
Find the Allow Installation of Applications From Unknown Sources option.

  
Toggle the option on (or tap the On button beside it) 




This will allow you to install the majority of Android-supported apps on your Fire OS even if they aren’t on Amazon Appstore. The following section will explain how.


Second Step: Sideload Snapchat


When you enable downloading apps from unknown sources, you can search and download the Snapchat APK file (installation file for Android-based systems) from any website on the internet.


To sideload Snapchat, follow these instructions:



  
Launch the Silk browser on your Kindle Fire.

  
Go to the mentioned website.

  
Tap the Snapchat tab at the top of the website.

  
Scroll down until you find the download link. It’s under the Download Snapchat Installation File section.

  
Tap the download link.

  
Press the Download button on the following page.

  
Press OK when prompted to confirm the installation.




Wait for the download to finish and you can proceed to install the app.


Third Step: Install the App and Enjoy


If you’ve done everything properly, the APK file should be in your downloads folder. Do the following:



  
Open the Silk browser.

  
Tap the More (three horizontal lines) icon at the top-left of the screen.

  
Go to the Downloads menu.

  
Select the Snapchat APK from the list of downloads.

  
Press Install when prompted.

  
Wait for the app to install. You should get a confirmation once the process is finished.

  
Tap Open if you want to launch the app immediately. Otherwise, press Done.




When you open the app, it should look the same as it would on an Android tablet or smartphone. The app icon will appear on your app menu and you can sign in to your account right away. From there, you can start snapping, messaging your friends and using the app as you normally would.


Install Snapchat Via the Google Play Store


If you have issues with Snapchat after following the steps above, then install the Google Play Store and then download/install it.



  
Open the Silk Browser and search for and download/install the Google Services Framework APK, Google Play Services APK, Google Account Manager APK, and the Google Play Store APK.

  
Now, open the newly created Google Play Store app.

  
Search for “Snapchat” and then install it.

  
Open Snapchat and enjoy.




Downloading Snapchat through the Google Play Store should alleviate any issues you may be experiencing.


Not All Sources Are Trustworthy


Before you venture into downloading frenzy, keep in mind that not all websites and APK files are safe. There are plenty of cybercriminals looking to abuse people’s willingness to look for apps outside of the Appstore.


A lot of APK files may contain malicious software that can cause varying degrees of harm. For instance, it can slow down your system to the point of unusable, delete your files, or even steal your data. If you don’t have adequate protection software, cybercriminals may use your identity for illegal activities.


The best way to approach sideloading is to always have antivirus software installed. This way you’ll be able to prevent intruders if they can still sometimes evade detection.


Sideload or Wait


Sideloading is a great way to add apps and games to your Kindle Fire that are otherwise unavailable. A lot of users sideload so they can play games such as Clash of Clans or use Instagram on this device.


On the other hand, some Android apps that were previously unavailable on the Appstore have slowly started appearing. With new apps arriving every day, Snapchat may even come to the Appstore sooner rather than later.


Which apps would you sideload to your Kindle Fire? Do you know reliable sites to download their APK from? Share them in the comments section below.


Snapchat for Android


Social media platforms have had pretty standard features over the years: share a status, upload photos, comment on posts. But then came 2012, when Snapchat was released, and every millennial was swept right off their feet. The multimedia messaging app key feature is the instant but temporary media-sharing function. Users can socialize with their friends through photos and videos with only one catch. All media or ‘snaps’ posted on the social app lasts for ten seconds max. For just a brief moment, users can get a glimpse of their friends every day. Talk about playing coy!


Oh, Snap!



With all the perks, why aren't more users flocking to Snapchat? Simple. None of its features are new.



Sharing media for ten seconds or less is a surprising twist to the social narrative. Snaps are like moments in a day—brief, yet memorable. enough to leave you wanting more. Indeed, the notion has gained so much traction that Instagram, Facebook, and YouTube now include Snapchat’s main function in their apps.


The instant the Snapchat app launches, the front cam turns on and invites you to already post a snap. Send a photo or video to your closest friends or broadcast posts through stream or Snapchat stories. Given that Snapchat has its own cloud storage, feel free to check out snaps from the past anytime. anywhere. as many times as you want.


It’s me, Bitmoji!


Snapchat has not only changed the way we post but also what we post. Undergoing many updates to make snaps stand out more, Snapchat offers a growing collection of face filters, as well as the impressive 3D Emoji. The 3D emoji or Bitmoji sends an animated version of yourself. The special sticker can follow and mimic your every move during filming. Even better, you can customize the sticker to switch up the color of your hair or sport a new style. Change your eye color, skin tone, and beauty marks to undergo a complete makeover!


Destination Snap


Updating your friends that you’ve made it to your dream destination is made easier by the Geofilter feature. The filters are automatically generated by Snapchat once it locates your GPS whereabouts. Appearance of the filter will vary from place to place and at times, for special events.


Social Portal


Geofilter isn’t the only way to give the squad news of your latest destination. Snap Map is another special feature on the app, sharing your location to your followers through an actual map and letting you pin your friends' locations. How? Bitmoji. Once on Snap Map, users show up as Bitmoji and can simply pinch and slide fingers across the screen to zoom in and out to see those closest or farthest away. Users can even change location to scroll through other parts of the map.


Groups of friends who use Snapchat as their go-to app can take advantage to slide into other users’ DMs or video call friends. Snapchat allows users to hold a group call with up to sixteen users. To make calls more fun, users can even use app filters and AR lenses while talking to one another. For an app whose fame is built on quick and instantaneous moments, it's refreshing to connect in a way that’s both lasting and meaningful.


Where can you run this program?


The official Snapchat app only runs on Android and iOS devices. Snapchat’s 10.58.0.0 version is compatible with Android devices with an OS of 4.4 while the 10.58.1.1 version is compatible with Apple devices with an iOS 10.0 and later.


Snapchat is technically compatible with Windows devices, but it requires users to install an Android emulator like BlueStacks.


Is there a better alternative?


Instagram is the closest alternative to Snapchat given that both share a similar purpose: to be the leading one-stop photo and video sharing application. Instagram, however, beats Snapchat in several areas. Instagram boasts a 200M-daily-user figure for InstaStories alone, whereas Snapchat hosts around 166M daily users on its entire platform. If you can’t get the whole squad together on Snapchat, chances are you will on Instagram. Also, brands that have an Instagram accounts produce well-curated posts, which means less of an eyesore to your feed. Finally, Instagram's algorithm promotes better networking, leading users to other similar accounts thru Discovery feed based on who they follow and interest.


Our take


Snapchat has all the features users could ask for: photo and video sharing, geotagging, and even conference calls. With all these perks, why aren't more users flocking to the app?. Simple. None of these features are new. Snapchat has not made big changes since it came out in 2012. Sure, a filter or sticker can go viral but like a snap, it can only last for so long.


Should you download it?


No. All its features are available on Instagram and Facebook.



  
GeoTagging feature

  
Raw, unfiltered posts are welcome

  
Fun filters and stickers

  
Only application with Bitmoji

