Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Jeux45/Starving-Artist-script


This commit does not belong to any branch on this repository, and may belong to a fork outside of the repository.


Name already in use


A tag already exists with the provided branch name. Many Git commands accept both tag and branch names, so creating this branch may cause unexpected behavior. Are you sure you want to create this branch?


Sign In Required


Please sign in to use Codespaces.


Launching GitHub Desktop


If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.


Launching GitHub Desktop


If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.


Launching Xcode


If nothing happens, download Xcode and try again.


Launching Visual Studio Code


Your codespace will open once ready.


There was a problem preparing your codespace, please try again.


The Truth About ‘Starving Artists’ And How You Can Avoid This Trap


As tragic as it may sound, there’s some truth behind the saying that an artist needs to suffer for their art for it to be good.


The list of writers, poets, actors, and painters who have battled depression or even taken their own lives is tragically long. Yet, their work remains today, shaping and guiding us and future generations of artists. Some may even say that it was the act of committing suicide that immortalized the artist and all their art stood for.


The idea of the “tortured artist” and the artist's journey to free themselves of the anguish has long been romanticized in our culture. And why shouldn’t it be? After all, art is a reflection of humanity, and the ability to overcome adversity is one of humanity’s greatest virtues. While nobody chooses to grapple with trauma, depression, broken homes, and personal demons; willingly starving for art is something many artists seem to be doing nowadays.


I’m not sure where the notion of starving artists first came from, but unlike mental illnesses, Jen Rudolph says artists have the choice not to starve themselves and still make an impact on the world. She is the creator of The 2% Signature System™ and The 6 Figure Freedom Formula and states that the whole idea of “being discovered” is a myth, and every actor has to put themselves out there instead of waiting around for their big break.


Being an entrepreneur myself, I’d agree with Jen and say that an entrepreneur's path to producing art is the way to success. After all, which artist doesn’t want to get noticed, no matter how niche or obscure their art might be?


The link between creativity and suffering


Over the past couple of decades, there has been a growing trend in clinical studies, making a case that a large percentage of artists, including performers, writers, and fine artists, have some kind of mental illness. Shelley Carson, a lecturer at Harvard University, claims that substance abuse, bi-polar disorder, and depression are some of the most common symptoms found among artists.


Why The Rock's Social Media Muscle Made Him Hollywood's Highest-Paid Actor


The Philadelphia Phillies Enter The Relief Room After Getting First Win Over With


Chinese Tech Tycoon’s Ex-Wife Becomes Billionaire In Divorce Settlement


The link between art and mental problems has become a topic that’s institutionally recognized and has sprung up an entire series of conferences called Creativity and Madness by Dr. Barry Panter.


In 2009, a Hungarian researcher named Szabolcs Keri, in the Department of Psychiatry and Psychotherapy in Budapest, stated that genetic polymorphisms related to mental disorders were more likely to be found among people with the highest creative thinking scores.


Kay Redfield Jamison, a clinical psychologist and the author of Touched with Fire: Manic-Depressive Illness and the Artistic Temperament, made a connection between mood disorders and creativity. And we all know that there’s perhaps no subject more talked about in the history of art than Vincent Van Gogh cutting off his right ear.


The Tortured Artist vs. The Starving Artist


There is a clear boundary between tortured and starving artists.


While nobody chooses mental illnesses and all the suffering they bring, many artists choose NOT to create anything that is functional or has any possibility of going commercial.


However, for artists to continue doing what they love, Jen says, “I teach actors to think of this like a business and leave the art for later.” 


As creatives, it’s normal to think that once you start caring too much about ways on how to make money, the desire to create something meaningful will take a back seat. And eventually, you’ll lose sight of the purpose that made you choose to become an artist in the first place.


While that is always a possibility, it’s on you to maintain your creative integrity as an artist.


“The starving artist” trope has been passed down for generations, and it does nothing but disempowers artists trying to promote their work. It also keeps many talented young artists from chasing their dreams due to the fear of not being able to provide for themselves and their families later in life. We are often expected to do the “right thing” in life, even if it means sacrificing all our happiness.


Jen’s most powerful message to actors would be, “You are a small business owner and entrepreneur. Your art is your product. You are in charge of your marketing, branding, production, PR, finances, and YOU NEED CAPITAL to get off the ground like any business. The "starving artist" mentality is a means of disempowering yourself and not taking responsibility for your destiny.”


What should you do to AVOID being a starving artist?


Tip #1: Don’t demonize commercial work


First, reject the idea that producing work that’s commercial means selling your soul.


There are hundreds, if not thousands of artists, in all realms of artistic expression, who have managed to keep their creative integrity intact despite producing content for the masses. Shakespeare, who’s arguably the greatest writer in the English language, went mainstream soon after tasting first success.


The same can be said for artists like Pablo Picasso, Norman Rockwell, Beethoven, and contemporary artists like Michael Jackson and Elvis Presley.


Many of us have this idea that the more obscure, impoverished, and unpopular the artist is, the better his work will be. That’s why we also tend to overlook the genius in the latest Hollywood blockbuster or the charm of a Taylor Swift album and focus more on underground performers.


Tip #2: Focus on the bigger picture


To avoid being a starving artist, you must try to grow your exposure like an entrepreneur would expand their influence.


Creating art is a small part of the equation; the bigger picture involves marketing yourself, your product, building connections, and planning for better things to come. Some artists avoid marketing themselves out of fear of coming across as “too mainstream” or sleazy but let me remind you that your most loyal fans won’t care about that at all.


Jen says that “The myth of "being discovered" must be debunked. Nobody is coming. There is no lifeboat. YOU are the lighthouse. You can be the greatest actor in the world but if nobody knows about you, it won't matter. Your marketing is everything.” 


Tip #3: Get used to dealing with rejection


As an artist, you need to accept rejections for what they are: a part of the process.


If you’re not getting enough rejections, it’s likely that you’re not exposing yourself enough to new opportunities.


Whereas a starving artist will likely sit at home and sulk after facing one rejection, an artist who's determined to succeed will hunt for the next big opportunity.


Persistence is one key trait all artists must possess, so take feedback and work towards improving your craft.


Art is subjective and so is your appeal


It’s impossible to please everyone in the real world.


Your goal as an artist should be to put your best foot forward in every endeavor. Even as adults, we often tend to take the easiest route through life by playing it safe and never taking risks. And nobody is guiltier for playing it safe than artists who stay in their comfortable cocoon rather than explore their limits in the world outside.


Art is subjective, and so is your appeal as an artist.


There’s no pressure on you to get a big following unless you want to. But if the only thing that has been keeping you starved is the fear of being judged, then now is the time to shed all your existing beliefs and carve a new world for yourself.
