Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Please log in or register


HD version of Blaze, available for the V8 Update version.


This mod is basically a Mania ++ Difficulty but much harder and more difficult than ever. But still fun as ever.


SF2THD Zangief over SoR4 Max


It's Zangief from Street Fighter 2 Turbo HD *long gasp* replacing Max 4.


It's Abadede replacing Max 2 for he came here for one reason - to attack and keep coming!


Chronus Golden Axe III Crossover over Cherry


Play as Chronus from Golden AXE III in 2023 . I do acept partner to make this mod better like convert in HD remake sprites for better fit in animations, also other adjustsIm not good in modding tools just tried my best without experience . This mod replaces Cherry V8 Compatible


Rangiku Matsumoto over SOR3 Blaze


Rangiku Matsumoto from "Bleach" anime over SOR3 Blaze.


Streets of Rage 4 Roo over playable SOR3roo


A perfectly hand drawn Streets of Rage 4 Roo over SOR3roo. You're welcome.


Join the largest 
modding community


More mods


Play as Chronus from Golden AXE III in 2023 . I do acept partner to make this mod better like convert in HD remake sprites for better fit in animations, also other adjustsIm not good in modding tools just tried my best without experience . This mod replaces Cherry V8 Compatible


Play as Chronus from Golden AXE III in 2023 . I do acept partner to make this mod better like convert in HD remake sprites for better fit in animations, also other adjustsIm not good in modding tools just tried my best without experience . This mod replaces Cherry V8 Compatible


It's Abadede replacing Max 2 for he came here for one reason - to attack and keep coming!


It's Abadede replacing Max 2 for he came here for one reason - to attack and keep coming!


It's Zangief from Street Fighter 2 Turbo HD *long gasp* replacing Max 4.


It's Zangief from Street Fighter 2 Turbo HD *long gasp* replacing Max 4.


Media


News & Updates


It's mid February and I know what you're thinking: "this would be the perfect time for a year in review post for 2022". Well, say no more!


2022 was a huge year for our community and site. Not only did we see tremendous growth regarding new modders joining our community, mod uploads, and overall downloads, but the Nexus Mods Team itself has grown significantly as well.


On the backend, we've completed several important operations, most notably migrating a lot of our servi.


Are you interested in helping shape the future of Nexus Mods?


We're starting to roll out our new design system as we build new features and modernise the current site layout. A key part of this process will be to hear from you - the modding community - as we test out new designs and features. With this in mind, we're looking for volunteers to take part in a few focus groups that will collect invaluable feedback which is sure to influence how our site looks and functions as we look to.


On 9 January 2023 we will be performing scheduled maintenance which will mean the entire site as well as our forums will be unavailable for a time. Please note that this will also affect the functionality of mod managers - downloads, updates, endorsements etc. (anything that requires interaction with our website and API). As we will be migrating our database to an upgraded system, we aim for this process to take several hours, but to be on the safe side please expect the site to be down for some.


As we are aiming to accelerate our development capabilities for our desktop applications, we are looking to grow our team by hiring for a driven and enthusiastic .NET developer to help us build the next iteration of our mod management application.


As a member of the mod manager development team, it will be your responsibility to assist in the development and design of tools and offerings that improve the experience of our users. We are not looking to merely re-implement successful f.


We have had the extreme pleasure recently of talking to the team behind Skyrim: Extended Cut about the first release of their project. Skyrim: Extended Cut - Saints & Seducers is an overhaul and expansion of the Saints & Seducers official Creation and is intended to be a preview for the main Skyrim: Extended Cut project, which will do the same for the main storyline of Skyrim, a game which turned 11 today!


﻿neyrmlEtxNo 
Before we get into the mod, why don’t you.


When we originally made Collections publicly available, we knew that we still had a lot we wanted to improve on. Since then, we’ve been listening to your feedback and working hard on new features and improvements. Here are some of the changes that are going live this week.


We’ve built a new bug reporting feature from scratch, allowing Nexus Mods members to raise bugs on Collections for the Curator’s attention.


We're super excited to announce that starting next week Halgari - the tool developer best known for the Wabbajack mod list downloader - will become the latest addition to our team here at Nexus Mods. Acting as the Product Manager for Vortex, he will be focusing on the development of the mythical 2.0 update, which is still very much in the planning stages but will make our mod manager even better.


Vortex was first released to the public in February 2018 as an alpha build - rep.


In case you haven't heard yet, NVIDIA's new modding tool - RTX Remix - got announced during their September keynote. It's a fantastic-looking application that has the potential to revolutionise graphical modding for old games. We're joined by Nyle Usmani, a Product Manager from the team behind the tool, to give you the opportunity to have your burning questions about RTX Remix answered directly from the source.


If you're not up to speed yet, here's a clip from.


Nexus Mods is looking to bolster our ranks once again by recruiting an experienced Community Manager to work with our existing team to help us better serve our community.


This position is based in our offices in Exeter in the UK and you will need a right to work in the UK before you apply.


The Role 
As a Community Manager, it is your responsibility to interact with and look after the Nexus Mods community and understand the needs and wants of the various smaller commu.


No, you did not misread the title. No, you've not fallen through a dragon break to 2011. It's true, Skyrim has been released on another platform today. You can now pick up a DRM-free copy of Skyrim Special Edition from GOG.com!


A few weeks ago we had a call with our friends at GOG who told us about a very special new release that was going to be exciting for our community. Skyrim was going to be added to GOG, completing the Elder Scrolls set on their website. You could say Skyrim is .


Vortex 1.6 was released into the wild a few days ago, shipping with the latest batch of new features, UI improvements and a boatload of bug fixes. Here's a rundown of what's new in the latest version.


In the previous version of Vortex, it was a bit too easy to accidentally mess up your dashboard layout by clicking and dragging in the wrong place or dismissing a dashlet. We've remedied this by adding a dedicated "Customise my dashboard".


Recently there's been some silly drama on our site that was sparked by someone uploading a mod for Spider-Man Remastered. The mod replaced the very few Pride flags the game actually has with the already prevalent USA flag texture from the game. The mod was removed from Nexus Mods and the author was banned.


To address the banning, which is what a lot of people want to focus on, the mod was uploaded by a sock puppet account (i.e. a newly made account by someone who already has an accou.


We're giving away 10 x GOG keys for The Witcher 3. For your chance to win one of them, simply leave a comment talking about the last mod you enjoyed (for any game). The event closes on 27 July at 15:00 (GMT+1) and we'll be picking the winners shortly thereafter.


I'm sure you'd agree that modding your game can be great fun! It's important to remember that without creators pouring their hearts and souls into their mods, and sharing them with all of us, it woul.


Fallout: London is a highly ambitious project aimed at creating the city of London (post-apocalypse of course) in Fallout 4. They have been showcasing their development since their announcement and have recently released a gameplay trailer. We have the privilege and pleasure to be talking to the project lead of Fallout: London today about their development and what to expect from this game sized mod.


Prilladog, thanks for chatting with us during this busy t.


Morrowind is turning 20 today! To celebrate this anniversary, our good friend darkelfguy is running a special edition of his yearly Morrowind May Modathon and we're also giving away fabulous prizes in our Morrowind quiz!


Did you know that our site started out as a fansite for The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind? That's right, and that was back in 2001 when the site launched under the name "Morrowind Chronicles" in anticipation of and leading up to the game's release exactly 20 years ag.


As some of you may already be aware, the Bethesda.net launcher is being shut down next month and players are being offered the chance to migrate their games and other content to Steam.


The Creation Kit - the official SDK for creating Skyrim and Fallout 4 mods - could only be acquired exclusively through this launcher which would of course be a problem for new modders once the service is taken offline.


Luckily, Bethesda has already made both the Fallout 4 and Skyrim Sp.


Without mod authors sharing their creations our modding community wouldn’t exist. As you know, many mod authors put countless hours into their mods, maintaining documentation for users, and supporting their mods. It’s because of this fact that, over the years, we’ve added a number of ways for users to say “thank you” by donating to their favourite mod author - be it through our mod rewards system, the donation options we provide (donation button on the mod page), or by allowing mod aut.


Starfield, the first game in a brand new series from Bethesda Game Studios, is coming to PC and Xbox in November and while that may seem to be a long way off yet, we're already excitedly preparing for the release.


Update 12 May 2022: Bethesda has announced on Twitter that Starfield has been delayed until the first half of 2023.


If you haven't heard about it yet, Starfield is going to be the debut entry in an entirely new franchise and marks the first single-player RPG.


Applications are now closed for this position.


With 20 full-time staff now working from the Nexus Mods office in Exeter, we're on the lookout for someone who can help us with the day to day running of our office space, looking after all of us and our beloved workplace.


We're naming this role the "Office Manager" role, however, it will involve a range of different tasks that could fit into all sorts of job descriptions, including "Facilities Manager".


Two weeks ago, we launched a donation drive to raise funds and support the Red Cross in its mission to bring medical aid to the people of Ukraine suffering the consequences of an unprovoked attack on their country.


We’re very happy to say that the community came out strong in support of Ukraine raising over £6,500 (~$8,474) in direct donations, with some individual donations as high as $100 or even $1,000 - which is just incredible! Thank you so much for your donations. 


Streets of Rage 4 Releases April 30: Price, Battle Mode, and New Trailer – iGamesNews


Following its initial announcement, we now receive information on the release date of Streets of Rage 4. This has been confirmed by Dotemu a few minutes ago.


As shared, Streets of Rage 4 will be available on the Nintendo Switch eShop. April 30 for $ 24.99. We leave you with details about its battle mode and a new trailer:


In the video, we get a first look at the Streets of Rage 4 battle mode, a legacy experience that returns from Streets of Rage 2 and 3. This dispute resolution battlefield is meant to help rivals recognize who they really are. the best thug in the alleys of Wood Oak City, as well as solving grudges caused by accidental friendly attacks during multiplayer sessions.
 


What do you think? You can find our full coverage of the game at this link.
