Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Subnautica: Aurora – Blackbox Room and Lab


Now we’ll make our way to the final area of the Aurora: The Blackbox Room and the Lab.


Finding the Black Box Room


Starting from the Living Quarters , head back to the Prawn Bay .


Make your way down to the pool of water in the Prawn Bay, and walk out on this metal beam.


About halfway to the far wall, turn right and look underwater for the tunnel to the Black Box Room.


If you see a long tunnel like this you’ve found it, keep going.


Eventually you’ll reach this chamber that has air to breathe.


The Black Box Room


An open door on the right leads into the Aurora’s Black Box room.


At the far end of the Black Box room, the Black Box data can be downloaded from the terminal.


Gaining Access to the Data Coil Room


Opposite from the Black Box Data Terminal is an open door leading into a hallway.


Cut through the sealed door with your Laser Cutter to proceed to the Data Coil Room.


Gaining Access to the Lab


At the far end of the room, next to the Data Coil, a PDA containing the Lab Door Code can be found lying on the floor.


With the Lab door code in hand the Lab can now be accessed.


The Lab


The Data Terminal in the Lab contains the blueprints for the Repulsion Cannon, a modified version of the Propulsion Cannon that repels objects in its path.


A PDA with a Databank entry can be found sitting on the lab bench.


The lab also contains several non-functional (collectible) lab props.


Can not find lab.


I looked at the wiki and it says or looks like it is saying that the door to the lab is inside the prawn bay, but I find nothing but the living quarters door. Another problem is there is a sealed door behind a entrance with loose electrical wire and no pda to give the password.


Could somebody help, I feel like throwing my pc out the door with frustration.


Comments


The easiest route to the lab by far is to get yourself a propulsion cannon and get to the most Northern part of the "beach" of the Aurora. Basically, stick to the hull on your right when you enter the bay with the Seamoth. Once you get onto the "beach", you should see a floodlight and behind/besides that a door. Clear the debris with the propulsion cannon, get the fire extinguisher, put out the fire, and jump in the water. You're now in the lab.


The other route is in the PRAWN bay, but it's in the water. You have to dive and, well, follow the directions the Wiki gives. Just search around in the water and eventually you should hit a hull side with a long hallway to your left. Follow it to the laboratory.


That one door in the living quarters is currently inaccessible to my understanding. There's no code for it to be found.


Thanks, I went into the wreck without a propulsion cannon so I will have to dive then. Up to now I tried under the water as the wiki state but finds nothing, will have to just dive back. Getting out of the wreck seams to be another problem.


on your right and the living quarters in front of you, the path is in the front-right part of the water area


My problem was I was looking for a door opening and not a hidden hole. Now having been every where and finding everything I will have to drown myself to get out.


Omega Lab


Omega Lab is an Alterra Corporation base located in the Lilypad Caves at a depth of 200m inside a central, large floating rock.


Contents


Appearance


Omega Lab is composed of two Multipurpose Rooms and a Large Room, all connected by an X Compartment with a Hatch to allow entry. In front of the base is a Foundation, with two Exterior Growbeds constructed upon it, along with a few crates laying about. Atop a crate is a Data Box containing the blueprint for Swim Charge Fins.


Appearing relatively intact from the outside, holes in the Large Room suggest that the interior has been damaged. While both Multipurpose Rooms are untouched, the Large Room shows signs of a massive fire taking place, resulting in the base's Nuclear Reactor becoming unstable and causing a small explosion.


Interior


Omega Lab is divided into three main sections; the greenhouse, the quarters, and the laboratory. Unlike most other Alterra bases, the interior of the lab is completely submerged.


The Greenhouse


To the right of the entrance hatch is the Greenhouse. This room features a Glass Dome roof, and many Wall Planters along the inside. Various plant pots and research equipment can be found here, as well as a Data Box containing the Control Room blueprint. Against the back wall is a Water Filtration Machine.


The Quarters


To the left of the entrance hatch are the Quarters. This Multipurpose Room is divided into three, with two bedrooms on either side of a small sitting room with a Coffee Vending Machine, Trash Can, and Vending Machine. The bedroom to the left belongs to Danielle Valenti, while the bedroom to the right belongs to Vinh Pham. Vinh's bedroom contains a PDA, and a postcard from Vinh's girlfriend. Danielle's bedroom contains a PDA, a framed photo of her and Sam Ayou, and an Aromatherapy Lamp.


The Laboratory


Directly in front of the entryway is the Laboratory. The player can enter the room through a bulkhead that has been blown off its hinges. While other rooms in Omega Lab are unscathed, the Laboratory has been scorched, leaving everything in the room charred and blackened with ash. Batteries, research equipment, papers, and even a Nuclear Waste Disposal can be found floating around the room. A Power Cell Charger can be found on the left side of the wall. In the center of the Laboratory are the remnants of the Nuclear Reactor, having blown up due to the fire, causing severe damage to where it once stood. A single PDA belonging to Danielle can be found here.
