Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Subway Surfers iPhone


Fast-paced endless runner arcade platformer for iPhone


All in all, smartphones have become portable video game consoles. That's why devices of the likes of the Sony's PlayStation Vita and PSP, or the recent Nintendo Switch (although the latter combines a handheld and desktop model), have to figure out how to put up a fight against the most powerful mobile devices: iPhone, Samsung Galaxy, and other high-end Android handsets that combine telephony functions with powerful multimedia hardware functions that have turned them into decent gaming platforms.


A fast-paced and exciting arcade platformer


Among the arcade video games that have usually been a hit we have to mention those that made the most of the game's speed and impressive graphics. Sonic was a massive success back then and nowadays there are still great examples such as this Subway Surfers. This endless runner, a genre that includes other titles of the likes of Temple Run, offers us an adventure on the railway network of several cities around the world of the likes of New York, Paris, Amsterdam or Bangkok.


The main characters are a gang of graffiti artists that ride around the underground on their skateboards (the favorite vehicle of any teenage criminal), collecting coins, dodging obstacles (mainly beacons and trains) and escaping from the police that try to catch them with their dog. So don't stop running and avoid all the dangers you come across.


Jump, run, slide, and fly: everything is allowed to escape and pass each level.
 


The suburban surfers are a great hit on both iOS devices (iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch) and Android smartphones and tablets. The pity is that it isn't available for PC or macOS to play this game from our computer's desktop, although as an intermediate solution we can always download the app in APK format for Android and run it on an emulator of the likes of BlueStacks.


Main features


It comes along with a series of usual features and functions for this kind of video game:



  
Fast-paced frenetic gameplay.

  
Colorful HD graphics.

  
Make use of different elements to advance faster such as skateboards, surfboards, or jetpacks.

  
Acrobatic stunts.

  
Special items with extra points for your score.

  
Multiplayer mode to challenge your friends.

  
Customize your surfers.




What's new in the latest version


Requirements and additional information:



  
Minimum operating system requirements: iOS 11.0.

  
Compatible with: 

  
iPhone

  
iPad

  
iPod touch




With a degree in History, and later, in Documentation, I have over a decade of experience testing and writing about apps: reviews, guides, articles, news, tricks, and more. They have been countless, especially on Android, an operating system.


Subway surfers ios apk


Have you got what it takes to help Jake and his friends escape the grumpy guard? Tour the world and avoid oncoming trains in one of the most exciting endless runner games of all time!


SUBWAY SURFERS


Have you got what it takes to help Jake and his friends escape the grumpy guard? Tour the world and avoid oncoming trains in one of the most exciting endless runner games of all time!


Edinburgh


Scavenge the castles for Easter Eggs


Edinburgh


Scavenge the castles for Easter Eggs


Subway Surfers the Animated Series


We are very happy to present you with the first episode of the animated series based on our game Subway Surfers! All episodes are being released on our YouTube channel, so be sure to head over there and check them out.


Subway Surfers the Animated Series


We are very happy to present you with the first episode of the animated series based on our game Subway Surfers! All episodes are being released on our YouTube channel, so be sure to head over there and check them out.


© Copyright SYBO 2012 - 2022 · 
Subway Surfers is co-developed 
between Kiloo and Sybo 
and published by Sybo


Subway Surfers


Subway Surfers is a platform game where you will have to run away from the police through a dangerous station through which trains pass continuously at full speed. It is an endless runner with a colorful visual style where the game will end when you crash, and the law enforcement agent catches you. But don't worry. You'll start running again in a new and exciting game with a tap on the screen.


Unlike other classics of the genre, in Subway Surfers, you will not control your character with the accelerometer, but you will have three lanes to move your protagonist by swiping on the screen. You will also jump and roll on the ground to avoid obstacles by swiping vertically. The most interesting ability of the game appears when you double-tap the screen: you will get on your skateboard for a limited time, during which you can receive a hit without being defeated.


Not only will you have to run to the end, but your adventures in Subway Surfers are aimed at collecting coins and completing missions to keep increasing your score. To extend these games, you will use the different power-ups scattered around the setting to help you in various ways: jump higher, take to the skies at high speed, or automatically collect coins from any lane.


Thanks to the coins you collect, you can also unlock new items, characters, and skateboards with different abilities. The power-ups in the game will improve their conditions by investing coins in them, so you will have to try to collect them all while avoiding obstacles.


Subway Surfers is a very entertaining game that, with its simplicity, will keep you glued to the screen for hours. It is a constantly updated title where you will be able to try to beat your friends' records, which you will be able to consult through the Internet.


Requirements (Latest version)


Frequent questions


When does Subway Surfers end?


A Subway Surfers game ends when the surfer is caught by a guard or crashes into one of the obstacles on the level, like trains or columns.


How old is Subway Surfers?


Subway Surfers was released on May 23, 2012. The minimum recommended age for playing is 13 years old.


How do I download the Subway Surfers game on my computer?


You can download the Subway Surfers APK on your computer from Uptodown. To run it on your computer, you can use emulators like NoxPlayer and LDPlayer.


How much money has Subway Surfers earned?


Subway Surfers has already earned more than 100 million dollars since its launch.


How do I play Subway Surfers online?


Subway Surfers is an offline game, so you can't play online with friends. That said, you can still compete to see who can get the highest score.


How do you play Subway Surfers?


The controls for playing Subway Surfers are very simple. Slide your fingers to move from side to side. To jump, slide up, and to roll, slide down. To use your hoverboard, tap twice on the top part.


When was Subway Surfers created?


The creator of Subway Surfers says the idea for the game came to him after seeing a wounded child at his front door. He helped him, and the boy told him that his father beat him and even chased him along the train tracks, threatening to kill him.


More information
