Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



VPN - Super Unlimited Proxy for iOS


Super Unlimited Proxy provides a secure way to access the internet without compromising your online security!


Appear anywhere in the world


Protecting your information and data is important, both while at home and in a public hotspot. The app allows you to browse the internet anonymously to keep you safe from hackers.


A great feature is its ability to use multiple devices for one account. This is good for sharing with friends and family. This spoofing program also lets people choose from a wide range of locations; however, you cannot mimic locations in some countries like Australia.


Although this program promises unlimited connections, this isn’t entirely true. In fact, people can only have up to 5 connections running at the same time.


A common issue with apps that offer a premium version is the ads. While it is not a major issue for most, it can cause connection disruptions. Another issue the app faces is that the connection sometimes slows down, disconnecting users from what they are doing. This can be especially annoying if you are making a transaction or watching something.


Where can you run this program?


This program is installable on Apple devices using iOS 9.0 or a more current operating system.


Is there a better alternative?


No. There are many VPN programs available, such as VyperVPN, that offer simple and fast alternatives but at a cost. While safety is a priority, the Super Unlimited Proxy is a great free VPN.


Our take


Given the unsafe nature of the internet, having that extra layer of protection is always a good idea. Access to foreign websites and shows is an added bonus for this app.


Should you download it?


Yes. If you are looking for a simple program to change your location to get around geofences, this is the program for you.



  
Protects information

  
An extensive list of country options

  
Supports multiple devices on one account





  
Slow connection sometimes

  
Can’t mimic locations to some countries

  
Pop up ads on the free version




Super unlimited proxy


Super Unlimited Inc. incubates and acquires mobile apps that deliver valuable experiences to consumers across the planet. With a world-class team, our mission is to build and buy a portfolio of mobile applications that are loved by millions.


We acquire mobile apps (iOS and Android) that fit the following criteria:



  
Revenue of at least $300k

  
2+ year track-record of profitability

  
Subscription or ad-based business model




We can make a decision within 2 weeks and offer a fair price. If interested in learning more, please contact us! 


VPN - Super Unlimited Proxy, our first product, is a top ranked VPN app on both the App Store and the Google Play Store with 1+ Million 5-star ratings.


Browse websites, watch your favorite videos and connect to public Wi-Fi with peace of mind. With VPN - Super Unlimited Proxy, you get online freedom while being secure and anonymous.


VPN - Super Unlimited Proxy, our first product, is a top ranked VPN app on both the App Store and the Google Play Store with 1+ Million 5-star ratings.


Browse websites, watch your favorite videos and connect to public Wi-Fi with peace of mind. With VPN - Super Unlimited Proxy, you get online freedom while being secure and anonymous.


Leadership


Tanuj Chatterjee


Tanuj is the President of Super Unlimited and has spent over 20 years in Silicon Valley managing R&D at Aura (GM and SVP Engineering), Rakuten (CTO) and Determine Software (CTO).


Sujay Jaswa


Sujay is the founding partner of WndrCo and is one of Silicon Valley’s leading business innovators. Prior to WndrCo, he was the Business Founder and CFO of Dropbox from 2010 to 2015.


Jeff Nykun


Jeff Nykun is a General Partner at WndrCo and has spent 18 years as a public and private markets investor, notably holding Managing Director roles at Shumway Capital, a long-short fund that managed over $9 billion in assets, and Cider Mill Investments, an equity focused investment firm he co-founded with colleagues from Shumway.


Investors


541 Jefferson Ave Suite 100


Tanuj Chatterjee


Tanuj is the President of Super Unlimited and has spent over 20 years in Silicon Valley managing R&D at Aura (GM and SVP Engineering), Rakuten (CTO) and Determine Software (CTO).


Prior to Super Unlimited, Tanuj was the GM and SVP of Engineering of Aura’s security business where he oversaw the VPN, Antivirus and spam call blocking product lines. Previously, Tanuj was the CTO of Rakuten in the US (formerly Ebates) where he was responsible for overall engineering and management of all Ebates/Rakuten properties (Rakuten.com, Rakuten.ca, Ebates.kr, Shopstyle, Cartera Commerce, BfADs, Rebates.jp). He grew the team from 10 to 350+ and played a key role in the $1B acquisition of Ebates by Rakuten in 2014. Prior to Rakuten, Tanuj was the CTO of Determine Software.


Tanuj has an MS in Computer Science from the University of Denver and a BE in Electrical Engineering from Delhi College of Engineering.


Sujay 
Jaswa


Sujay is the founding partner of WndrCo and is one of Silicon Valley’s leading business innovators. Prior to WndrCo, he was the Business Founder and CFO of Dropbox from 2010 to 2015.


At Dropbox, he created and led the company’s global business an d finance organizations, which included all customer-facing functions, finance, corporate and business development, and business operations. Sujay and his teams raised over $1 billion, launched and scaled Dropbox’s products for businesses, created partnerships responsible for over 100 million users, executed some 20 acquisitions, and scaled the global business team from two to more than 500 employees in seven global offices. During this period, the company significantly scaled all business and financial metrics, including overall revenue from $12 million in 2010 to over $500 million run rate, Dropbox for Business revenue from $1 million to over $200 mm run rate, and users from 15 million to 300 million. The company’s 409a valuation grew from $18 million to nearly $10 billion.


Previously, Sujay was a principal at New Enterprise Associates, where he was closely involved in investments in Workday, Cloudfare and Playdom (acquired by Disney). Earlier, he worked at Cisco Systems and McKinsey & Company. Sujay is a Lecturer at Stanford University’s Graduate School of Business, a Trustee of the Golden Gate National Parks Conservancy, and a Trustee of Global Health Corps. He has a B.A. in Economics from Princeton University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.


Jeff Nykun


Jeff Nykun is a General Partner at WndrCo and has spent 18 years as a public and private markets investor, notably holding Managing Director roles at Shumway Capital, a long-short fund that managed over $9 billion in assets, and Cider Mill Investments, an equity focused investment firm he co-founded with colleagues from Shumway.


Jeff Nykun is currently a General Partner at WndrCo, a ~$750 million investment firm that builds and buys consumer technology businesses at various points in their growth lifecycles. Prior to WndrCo, he worked at several leading alternative asset management firms investing in public securities. Most recently, Jeff was a Senior Analyst at Artisan Partners where he was a member of the Antero Peak Group long-only and long-short equity-focused strategies. Before Artisan, Jeff was a Managing Director at Shumway Capital, a long-short equity focused investment firm that grew to over $9 billion in assets under management, subsequent to which he reunited with the former Shumway Capital CIO and COO to launch Cider Mill Investments, where he worked as a Managing Director focused on the business services, financial technology and consumer sectors. Earlier in his career, Jeff also worked at Luxor Capital as a Senior Analyst, Texas Pacific Group as a private equity Associate, and Morgan Stanley as an investment banking analyst in the Mergers and Acquisitions Group.


Jeff graduated from Princeton University with an AB in Economics. He currently lives in NYC and enjoys an array of physical fitness activities, loves reading both fiction and non-fiction, and is an avid MMA fan.


VPN -super unlimited proxy vpn


Получите VPN Super - безопасный, быстрый и бесплатный VPN, которому доверяют более 100 000 000 пользователей, чтобы защитить вашу конфиденциальность во время серфинга в Интернете. Он позволяет вам просматривать доступ к заблокированным веб-сайтам и приложениям, обходить брандмауэры, смотреть видео (потоковый контент, фильмы, спортивные программы и многие другие шоу) безопасно и анонимно. Он защищает вас при использовании общедоступного Wi-Fi или точки доступа. 


VPN - это сокращение от Virtual Private Network. Он работает как прокси, чтобы скрыть IP-адреса и обойти цензуру в Интернете. Это необходимо для преодоления географических ограничений и доступа к желаемому контенту. По сравнению с прокси, у него намного более высокая скорость Интернета. И лучшая конфиденциальность с защитой безопасности.


 Почему вы можете доверять и выбирать VPN Super? 


1. Защита с помощью 128-битного шифрования AES военного уровня.


2. Чтобы замаскировать свою онлайн-личность с помощью протоколов IPsec и OpenVPN (UDP ИЛИ TCP).


3. Простота подключения и начало использования - достаточно одного нажатия и подключения.


4. Чтобы защитить вашу конфиденциальность: в настоящее время конфиденциальность - это роскошь ! Есть риски, когда мы оплачиваем счета, доступ к нашим банковским счетам. Или авторизуйтесь в социальных сетях. Воры личности повсюду. Наши номера счетов, адрес для выставления счетов и другие личные данные могут получить их.


5. Свободный доступ к конфиденциальным веб-сайтам и просмотр видео, недоступных в вашей стране; без отслеживания провайдером или системами наблюдения. Используя VPN Super, скройте IP-адрес и примените виртуальное местоположение. Защитите свою деятельность в Интернете. Чтобы предотвратить утечку личной информации и истории просмотров.


6. Чтобы предотвратить отслеживание / утечку / мониторинг, в приложении предусмотрен «Автоматический выключатель».


 ■ ОСОБЕННОСТИ: 
✓ Неограниченное время, неограниченные данные, неограниченная пропускная способность.
✓ 6000+ высокоскоростных виртуальных и частных серверов. В более чем 70 местах по всему миру.
✓ Абсолютная конфиденциальность везде, включая общедоступные точки доступа Wi-Fi. Оставайтесь в безопасности.
✓ Быстрые серверы для потоковой передачи контента, такого как видео
✓ Протоколы шифрования высокого уровня: маскирование IP и DNS
✓ Простая настройка, подключение к VPN одним нажатием
✓ Мы не сохраняем журналы пользователей.
✓ Не требует регистрации или входа в систему


 ► Загрузите приложение СЕЙЧАС! И получите анонимность, конфиденциальность и защитите себя. Идеальный щит при выходе в Интернет из любого места. 


1. Предпочитайте использовать протокол IKEv2 (при подключении к VPN) для лучшей стабильности и скорости. Это может изменить сети. И восстановите VPN-соединение, если оно было потеряно на время. Он обеспечивает значительно более высокую скорость соединения и лучшую производительность.


2. Выберите любой из глобальных серверов VPN:


🇺🇲 VPN для США
🇸🇬 VPN для Сингапура
🇩🇪 VPN для Германии
🇯🇵 VPN для Японии
🇭🇰 VPN для Гонконга
🇬🇧 VPN для Великобритании
🇮🇳 VPN для Индии
🇮🇩 VPN для Индонезии
🇦🇺 VPN для Австралии
🇨🇦 VPN для Канады
🇫🇷 VPN для Франции
🇳🇱 VPN для Нидерландов
🇧🇷 VPN для Бразилии
🇹🇷 VPN для Турции
🇰🇷 VPN для Кореи
🇮🇱 VPN для Израиля
🇪🇸 VPN для Испании
🇱🇺 VPN для Люксембурга
🇩🇰 VPN для Дании
🇳🇴 VPN для Норвегии
🇵🇱 VPN для Польши
