Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Tempo


Tempo is an editing app, thanks to which you can apply amazing effects and transitions to your photos and videos through really simple and intuitive processes from your Android.


As you will see, Tempo's strong point is its easy-to-use interface that lets even beginners create polished and amazing edits. To do this, you can choose between different-themed templates: love, emojis, cartoons, among many others. However, to make your videos even better, you can add music, as well as transitions and effects. For your convenience, before applying an effect, you can preview the result using an example provided on the main screen.


Other Tempo features include: silencing the original video audio, adding text (and choosing between many different-styled fonts), as well as adding different-colored filters. Once you've finished, you can export to 720p/1080p without loss of quality. Like this, you can edit your videos to upload to your favorite social media in just a few seconds.


In short, Tempo is an excellent video and photo editor for Android users with really interesting features for you to enhance your audiovisual masterpieces.


Requirements (Latest version)


More information


10 best metronome apps for Android to keep tempo


Metronomes are great tools for musicians. Luckily, there are tons of options. Here are the best metronome apps for Android!


Metronomes are incredibly important in music. Musicians use them to keep time during practice and many drummers use them during live shows to keep time better. There is a lot that goes into a good metronome. You need to be able to customize it. It should probably also a visual element and not just an audio cue. Finally, it should be reasonably easy to use. Luckily, there are an absolute ton of reasonably good metronome apps for mobile phones. Here are the best metronome apps for Android that we could find.


The best metronome apps for Android


7Metronome


Price: Free / $1.95


7Metronome is a rock-solid, serviceable metronome. The app comes supports between 20 and 240 beats per minute (BPM), more than 100 time signatures, and some actually good beat visualization. Additionally, you can tap the screen to set the beat and swipe on the screen to change the BPM on the fly. It also runs in the background so you can switch over to another app to record your playing or view sheet music. You can control it from the notification bar so you don’t actually have to leave the next app you go into. It has a reasonable price for its feature set and there really isn’t anything wrong with it.


Camtronome


Price: Free / Up to $12.99


Camtronome is one of several metronome apps that does something other than be a metronome. It has all the basic features for a metronome app. You can set a beat, change it, and there are a bunch of time signatures. It has the ability to set a beat by tapping on the screen like most mobile metronomes. However, this one also lets you record your session and play it back later. The advanced metronome customization and the recording make it an easy recommendation for a lot of people. Finally, you can control this app over Bluetooth or USB keyboards. It’s a good metronome that kills two birds with one stone.


Fender Guitar Tuner


Price: Free / Up to $4.99


Fender Guitar Tuner is another app that kills two birds with one stone. This one acts primarily as an instrument tuning app. However, it also has some good, basic metronome features. The tuning mode comes with an auto tuner that utilizes your microphone or a manual tuner where you can tune by ear. It also has a chromatic mode, preset tunings, and custom tunings. The metronome side is pretty basic. The app includes 65 drum tracks across a variety of genres for easy practice. The metronome mode has a bunch of options, but nothing too fancy. We recommend this one for people who just need a simple metronome and also want a tuner as well.


Metronome Beats


Price: Free / $5.99


Metronome Beats is one of the most popular metronome apps on mobile. It supports anywhere from one to 300 BPM, a wider range than most. There is also a tap function to set the beat yourself. Some other features include subdivision of the beat so you can practice faster parts of your music, the ability to change the pitch of the metronome to hear it better over your instrument, and more. The free version has ads, but also all the features. The only downside is the learning curve. Some features take a minute to get used to. Otherwise, there’s a reason this one is so popular.


Metronomerous


Price: Free


Metronomerous is one of the best totally free metronome apps. Like most, it does the basics. You can change your BPM, tap in your tempo, adjust the tempo with a slider, or manually input a numeric one. You can also divide the beats in various ways to practice faster or more difficult pieces of music. Some other features include a bunch of sounds, the ability to gradually raise the tempo during playback, and support for three languages (English, German, and Russian). It doesn’t have every conceivable feature, but it’s really difficult to complain about given its price.


Natural Metronome


Price: Free / $0.99


Natural Metronome is another simple, but functional metronome. It does the basics as we’ve explained up to this point. In addition, the app makes sounds to the beat and also shows you a visual indicator. Yes, it also includes the tap feature in case you don’t know the BPM off of the top of your head. The app has a simple UI, it’s pretty easy to use, and there are no ads, even in the free version. It does play in the background so remember to turn it off before closing the app or it’ll just keep going. This is another great option for free metronome apps.


Phi Metronome


Price: Free


Phi Metronome is a bit of a diamond in the rough. It’s relatively new compared to other metronome apps. However, it has some unique features. For instance, it’s one of the few metronome apps that let you use irrational numbers in your time signatures. It’s a super niche feature, but one that we’re sure some people will appreciate. Additionally, the app has themes, most of the standard metronome features, and it’s even optimized for unusual devices like Android TV, in case you want to do that. The app is relatively new so there are likely some bugs, but it’s otherwise a one-of-a-kind kind of metronome.


Stage Metronome


Price: Free


Stage Metronome is an excellent metronome for musicians. It has a ton of options, including most of the stuff we’ve listed already, such as customizable BPM, various time signatures, and stuff like that. This one is nice because you can create a setlist from the app. Each song can have its own BPM, time signature, etc. Thus, you can practice multiple entire songs without needing to dial in the settings after each track. That makes it great for live shows as well, so your drummer can just go straight from one song to the next. The UI is a bit overwhelming at first, but the features are solid and it doesn’t take too long to figure out.


The Metronome by Soundbrenner


Price: Free


The Metronome by Soundbrenner is another popular and excellent metronome app. It has one of the slickest UIs of any metronome app on the list. The dials, layout, and graphics are smooth and crisp. Luckily, it’s not just a pretty face. It has some good features as well. The app comes with 20 metronome sounds, a light and dark theme, a setlist feature similar to Stage Metronome, support for the usual stuff like customizable BPM, and more. This one even lets you plug into USB and Bluetooth MIDI devices so you can control it from there. Lastly, The Metronome also loads into DAWs like Ableton so you can literally use it anywhere. It’s a powerful tool to be sure.


Metrogether or Bandtronome


Price: Free / Up to $11.99


Generally speaking, the only person in the band who uses a metronome is the drummer. The drummer keeps pace and everyone goes off of the drummer. However, for whatever reason, you may want to try using a metronome as a whole band. Metrogether (linked at the button below) and Bandtronome (Google Play) are two solutions to this problem. Both apps allow you to sync up with your band members’ phones so everyone can keep beat together. Metrogether lets you directly sync to phones using Bluetooth while Bandtronome uses a server-based solution that controls everything. Both of them have a learning curve. Unfortunately, there aren’t a lot of apps that do whole band metronomes since most bands don’t do it that way. Still, two options is better than zero.


If we missed any great metronome apps for Android, tell us about them in the comments. You can also click here to check out our latest Android app and game lists. 
Thank you for reading! Try these out too:


Tempo - Music Video Editor with Effects APK for Android 


Tempo - Music Video Editor with Effects or also published as Tempo - Music Video Maker in Google Play Store is a multimedia application that you can fully use and enjoy right at the comfort of your android devices. This video tool is feature-packed with awesome effects and transitions that will aid you to create the best and most creative music video.


It can be installed free of charge but, expect that some items will require in-app purchases. Tempo can be an impressive alternative to Vinkle Music Video Maker Magic Effects and VideoFX Music Video Maker.


Feature-packed music video editor


Tempo offers loads of popular themes and special subtitles available to be applied for your editing needs as well as a wide variety of music libraries to choose from. Moreover, you can enjoy the numerous templates that it provides that vary in themes such as love, lyric, emoji, cartoon, and many more. To add more spark to your video, you can also put its flashy transitions and unique effects to use.


If you wish to make more fun and entertaining content, you can swap your face with the celebrities or movie characters that you like. What will make your video even more extraordinary is the exceptional face-changing function that is available for use. You will have the liberty to do multiple shots and switch filters as much as you want. Not to mention, it supports stylish face stickers as well.


With its simple and intuitive interface, you can easily add music to video, create amusing videos with photos and templates as well as make lyric videos with magic effects. There will be various text styles and font options for you to select from, as well. When exporting, you will be able to save the videos in 720P/1080P HD resolution without losing their quality.


Unleash your creativity


Tempo - Music Video Editor with Effects will be a great addition to your video editing suite collection. From music, templates, transitions, effects to filters, it is a video solution that is heavily equipped. It is a recommended tool especially for beginners as the entire operation of the app can be self-explanatory. Additionally, you'll be able to export videos with 720P/1080P high definition quality.



  
Feature-packed with music, templates, transitions, effects and filters

  
Simple and intuitive interface

  
Export videos in 720P or 1080P

  
Text styles and font options available

