Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



All map locations in Demonfall


Thanks to Trello user ocodastrevastrevosa, an entire map of Demonfall has been created. It highlights both the trainers and points of interest you may want to visit.


While it’s pretty straightforward to navigate, we’ve also detailed just exactly what you will find at each locale to help you work your way through Demonfall with ease.


Demonfall trainer locations and uses



  
Yellow: Trainer Kuwajima, trains you with Thunder.

  
Blue: Trainer Urokandaki, trains you with Water.

  
Aqua: Trainer Muichiro Tokito, trains you with Mist.

  
Orange: Trainer Kyojuro Rengoku, trains you with Flame.

  
White: Trainer Inosuke Hashbira, trains you with Beast.

  
Bright Violet: Trainer Kocho Shinobu, trains you with Insect.

  
Dark Violet: Trainer Kokushibo, trains you with Moon. Also the home of the Hybrid Converter.

  
Brighter Orange: Trainer Uzui Tengen, trains you with Sound.

  
Dark Red: Trainer Tanjiro Kamado, trains you with Sun.

  
Light Green: Trainer Grimm, trains you with Wind.

  
Light Pink: Trainer Mitsuri Kanroji, trains you with Love.

  
Green: Trainer Iguro, trains you with Serpent.

  
Brown: Trainer Gyomei Himejima, trains you with Stone.

  
Sun Mansion: Home of Makio, need to find in order to get Sound.




There is also a variety of other locales to visit, with you being able to after you complete the Final Selection exam in Demonfall. Be on the lookout for the following:


Demonfall key locations



  
Slayer Corps: The Demon Slayer base.

  
Demon Hideouts: Home of demons.

  
Frosty Forest: An open zone filled with quests.

  
Gluttony Tavern at Okuyia Village: A shop to buy items or gain knowledge of the area.

  
Hayakawa Village: A town filled with shops to buy supplies, food, and more from.

  
Okuiya Village: A town filled with shops to buy supplies, food, and more from.

  
Okuiya Cavern: Home to demon characters you can speak to.

  
Sakura Passage: An area part of the Final Selection exam. Deadly for demons.




Due to Demonfall constantly being updated in Roblox, it’s important to note that some of these locales and characters could possibly move or even be removed. We’ll be sure to update the guide if we receive any new information.


Demonfall Trello Link & Wiki


If you have questions about the game, you will likely find the answers via the Demonfall Trello page!


Roblox Demonfall is an action RPG style fighting game that will have you creating a character in the world of Demon Slayer, which is a popular anime and manga. If you want to get the best knowledge on how to do things in the experience, you will need to search the web for certain things. We’ll tell you where you can find the Trello so you can learn everything you need to know about the game.


We also have the Project Slayers Trello Link available if you’re looking for that!


Demonfall Trello Link


If you’re in need of some information on the game, you can likely find it by heading to the Demonfall Trello page. Just click that link and you will arrive at the Trello, which contains a variety of details on how the experience functions.


The Trello page contains details on all of the races, skill trees, breathing styles, Kekkijutsu, locations, trainers, NPCs, and a whole lot more on the game. Unfortunately, it does appear that it is a bit out of date so be careful with some of the information.


If you’re in need of some free stuff, you should consider heading to our Demonfall Codes page which contains all of the freebies that exist in the game. We update it as soon as possible, which means it will always have the codes you need to get potions and items. They don’t release these often, so make sure to redeem them quickly when they actually exist!


What is Trello?


Trello is a project management tool that allows people to write and edit cards that contain useful information. Roblox developers have used these quite often as a way to get important information about the experience to players of the game. Trello boards have a variety of uses and can be used for free, which makes them quite appealing to the Roblox crowd.


Does Demonfall have a Wiki?


Yes, you can visit the Demonfall Wiki to get information submitted by players. However, it should be noted that this is not officially supported by the developers of the game and is unofficial. That doesn’t mean that the details are incorrect, it just means that it might not be as exact as it could be if they were provided by the people who make the game.


That’s all you’ll need to find the Trello for Demonfall. Be sure to head to the Roblox section of our website for more great information about games on the platform.
