Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Roblox Trenches Codes (April 2023) – Free game cash!


Throw yourself into the heat of battle using only the terrain as protection in Trenches, a war-themed first-person Roblox game. In this game, you must complete objectives and eliminate enemies to accrue cash, which you can use to purchase better weapons and gear.


You can start the game with a nice boost by using the codes we have listed below that grant you bonus cash. Use this cash to purchase weapons, gear, and buildables to provide better cover while taking down your enemies. If you find that you're dying a lot when you first start the game, these codes get you the resources you need to prevent that from happening.


While you're using codes for Trenches, be sure to check out one of our codes lists for other related Roblox games. We have the latest codes for Titan Warfare, Military Tycoon, and Tank Warfare. For more codes for your favorite Roblox games, check out our comprehensive list of Roblox games!


All Trenches Codes List


Updated February 14, 2023
 
Added a new code.
 


Trenches Codes (Working)



  
HappyValentines—Redeem for 500 Cash (New)

  
MerryChristmas—Redeem for 500 Cash and a Christmas Gift

  
Update151—Redeem for 500 Cash

  
Spooky—Redeem for 66 Pumpkin Points

  
50KLikes—Redeem for 1k Cash

  
35k—Redeem for 500 Cash

  
Update151—Redeem for 500 Cash

  
20000—Redeem for 500 Cash

  
FPS—Redeem for 500 Cash

  
DiscordSupporter2022—Enter this code in the chat twice to get the [Supporter] tag next to your name in the chat!




Trenches Codes (Expired)


How to Redeem Trenches Codes


Redeeming codes for free rewards in Trenches is easy.



  
In the game, press the Settings Tab on the bottom of the screen.

  
In the text box, enter the code exactly as it appears in the list above.

  
Press the Redeem button to claim your reward!




How can you get more Trenches codes?


Trenches is a relatively new game, so the developers don't have a strong social media presence. They don't yet post codes to the game's official Twitter account, but you can monitor the official Discord channel for codes and use them as soon as they drop. The easiest way to get more codes is to bookmark this page and check back periodically, as we post the codes as soon as they're available!


Why aren't my Trenches codes working?


The most common cause of invalid codes is that they are entered incorrectly by the user. To avoid this problem, it's best to copy and paste the codes from this page rather than enter it in manually. If it still shows as expired or invalid, the code is either expired, or you've used the code already. Since this is a new game, we can't determine if the codes we have listed expire quickly or if the list will simply accumulate codes over time. If you are sure you've entered it correctly and it's still not working, leave a comment below so we can investigate!


What is Trenches?


Trenches is a first-person shooter that simulates what it's like to be on the front lines of combat—all from the safety of your own home. Players must prove to be effective with a myriad of firearms to take down enemies and complete objectives to be rewarded with cash, which they can use to purchase better gear and weapons that will help them overpower their enemies.


If you're looking for codes for other games, we have a ton of them in our Roblox Game Codes post! You can also get a bunch of free stuff via our Roblox Promo Codes page.


Roblox Trenches Codes (April 2023)


We've got the full list of all the new and working codes for Roblox Trenches that will get you free rewards!


Roblox Trenches has you fighting it out in some of most well-known battles that have occurred across history! Take up your weapons and attempt to win the fight for your side. If you emerge victorious, you will be rewarded with cash, which you can then use to get new weapons! See if you can become the ultimate leader on the battlefield and bring victory to your side.


If you’re looking for freebies then you can find them with our Trenches codes list. If you aren’t sure how to redeem codes in Trenches, you can find out how below the codes list! Make sure to favorite this page by pressing CTRL + D on your keyboard or use the Add to Bookmark button on mobile.


We cover everything to do with Roblox! If your avatar is in need of some new clothes, hair, or anything else you can some great new stuff on our Roblox Free Items page. If you’re looking for more freebies, be sure to check out our Punch Wall Simulator Codes, Dragon Blox Codes, Tower Heroes Codes, and Elemental Battlegrounds Codes pages!



We checked for new codes on April 4th, 2023! You can find all of the currently available freebies on the list below.



All Trenches Codes



  
HappyValentines – Redeem code for 500 Cash

  
MerryChristmas – Redeem code for 500 Cash and a Christmas Gift

  
Update151 – Redeem code for 500 Cash

  
Spooky – Redeem code for 66 Pumpkin Points

  
50KLikes – Redeem code for 1k Cash

  
35k – Redeem code for 500 Cash

  
Update151 – Redeem code for 500 Cash

  
20000 – Redeem code for 500 Cash

  
10KLikes – Redeem code for 500 Cash

  
FPS – Redeem code for 500 Cash




Find codes for a bunch of other games in our Roblox Games Codes page. 


Trenches FAQ


How do I redeem codes in Trenches?


To redeem codes in Roblox Trenches, you will just need to follow these steps:



  
Open up Roblox Trenches on your PC or Mobile device

  
Click or Tap on the Twitter button on the side of the screen

  
Copy a code from our list

  
Paste it into the “Enter Code” text box

  
Hit the Redeem button to get your reward!




If it’s a brand new code that doesn’t work, try closing out of the game and re-opening it. This will put you in a new server, which could have an updated build of the game where the code will be working!


Where do I get more codes for Trenches?


To find more codes, make sure to follow Dynamic Studios on Twitter, who are the developers of the experience. You can also join the official Discord server for the game to get news, updates, and to chat with other players. Otherwise, we will be updating this wiki with all of the most recent codes, so make sure to check back frequently!


Those are all of the codes we currently have listed for Roblox Trenches. If you see one that we’re missing, please let us know in the comments so we can add it right away!
