Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



ВСЕ ВАШИ ПОДКАСТЫ.


Актуальное освещение везде, где бы вы ни находились. Будьте в курсе последних новостей от местных станций и национальных сетей, таких как CNN, FOX News Radio, MSNBC, NPR и BBC.


Актуальное освещение везде, где бы вы ни находились. Будьте в курсе последних новостей от местных станций и национальных сетей, таких как CNN, FOX News Radio, MSNBC, NPR и BBC.


Актуальное освещение везде, где бы вы ни находились. Будьте в курсе последних новостей от местных станций и национальных сетей, таких как CNN, FOX News Radio, MSNBC, NPR и BBC.


Актуальное освещение везде, где бы вы ни находились. Будьте в курсе последних новостей от местных станций и национальных сетей, таких как CNN, FOX News Radio, MSNBC, NPR и BBC.


Актуальное освещение везде, где бы вы ни находились. Будьте в курсе последних новостей от местных станций и национальных сетей, таких как CNN, FOX News Radio, MSNBC, NPR и BBC.


Simple Radio – Live AM FM App 12+


The simplest and most reliable way to listen to your favorite AM, FM and online radio stations with an iPhone, iPad or Apple Watch. Join millions using our radio tuner today!


Listen to Simple Radio for free:


• Play 50,000+ worldwide radio stations on your iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch
• Enjoy our extremely reliable radio tuner. Eliminating drops is our top priority
• Save your favorite stations and listen to them in one tap


Simple Radio’s free radio tuner is ideal for:


• Listening to your favorite radio stations
• Discovering new music
• Staying connected to home while living abroad
• Making your commute more interesting
• Practicing a foreign language


Find specific content based on your interests:


• Trending music
• Specific music genres (Rock, Pop, Jazz, Country, Folk & more)
• Live sports like NBA, Football, NHL, MLB, Soccer and Nascar
• Breaking news
• Talk radio


Tune in to your favorite Radio Stations like NPR, ESPN, KEXP, WBLS, WNYC, WJR, La Mega, W Radio, WTMJ, Moody Radio, Radio 24, WSB, WBLS, Radio Love, KQED, Radio Caraibes, WBUR, WCBS, Radio Javan and many more.


Why are our Premium Features the best purchase you will make this year?


• You'll be able to set the Sleep Timer to fall asleep to your favorite station, and doze off like a baby.
• You’ll never see a display ad within our app again!
*Remember that in-app purchases cannot be shared with family members.


——— Download Simple Radio Today For Free ———


What others are saying about Simple Radio:


• "A pleasant journey back to childhood every time I tune in. An array of stations at the tap of a finger. Doesn't get much better.” Dan K., London
• “It gives access to my hometown radio station over 1200 miles away!” - Roxanne L., New York


Love Simple Radio by Streema?


• Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/streema
• Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Streema/566615950033225


• We love hearing from you and we read every single email you send us!
• Want us to add a specific radio station? Have suggestions? Please, feel free to reach us at simple@streema.com.


This software uses code of FFmpeg (ffmpeg.org) licensed under the LGPLv2.1 (www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.html).


Privacy policy: https://streema.com/about/privacy/
Terms of use: https://streema.com/about/terms/


Product names, logos, brands, and other trademarks featured or referred to within this profile and the Simple Radio app are the property of their respective trademark holders. These trademark holders are not affiliated with Streema or our services.


What’s New


Bug fixes & improvements 
Your feedback makes Simple Radio better. Keep it coming! Please email us at simple@streema.com. We read it all.


Ratings and Reviews


New listener


I just discovered Simple Radio and was intrigued, so I downloaded the app. I’m confused about some things; mostly how I’m supposed to be able to access a very large number of different radio stations at any given time. I can currently get about 15, which unfortunately includes 2-3 not available I’d otherwise enjoy, and one of my favorite local ones that for some reason only shows up now and then.


I’m very technology challenged, having trouble understanding the terminology and how to use it, so whenever I complain or request an answer to a question, the people I ask must dumb-down/simplify the answer and have patience when they do. I’m referring now to how, in some places in your app, you claim to offer for free lots of stations, but when I try to use Search no new offerings appear. Where’s the choice/variety? I know I have to put up with a lot, like the pop-up ads (even the audible ones, which are a problem to deal with if I’m away from my iPad for a moment) that keep most of Simple Radio free, but this “bait and switch” tactic RE: station offerings shouldn’t be one. So many personally modern choices have been made for us in the name of progress that Simple Radio should live up to its name and let the individual make up his own radio playlist from what’s available.


This has been a very long review/question. Thank you for any help you can give as to how I could expand my playlist with stations that are really—and always—available.
 

Alarm please.


Unless you just need a bedtime timer to shut the thing off stick with the free version. The ads aren't really that big of deal. I bought the app, $3.99, stupidly thinking that "timer" meant alarm. Wrong. You are basically paying for no ads and a bedtime shutoff timer. Where's the alarm? Was hoping to can my bedside alarm clock for this app. Urghhh. I'm going to look for an app that does what this app does but has an alarm. Sound quality is great. Never lost a station. The app even cast to my Google home easily. Felt the app was a little limited on local stations but I found every station in the Dallas area that I listen to 95% of the time. Did I mention the app has no alarm.
 


Below is the developers reply. Thank you. After reading I’ve found out that an alarm won’t do much since Apple has not opened the alarm app to developers. This may or may not be true. Is so the feature is useless as I discovered from another app. Used the app all day never lost signal with station. Easy to use and loving it more each day. Changing star rating from three to four.
 

Developer Response ,


Hi there! Thank you for using Simple Radio and taking the time to contact us. Unfortunately, this feature is currently not available. I'll submit your suggestion as a feature request for consideration by our product team. If you would like to provide further comments or suggestions, please contact us at simple@streema.com. Thank you!
 


Great IF NOT DRIVING


This is my goto radio app and I tell everyone about it. I can only give it 3 stars because it does not automatically reconnect to cell towers while driving. I always have to play with changing the channel I am listening to and go back to what I am listening to in order for it to reconnect OR I have to close the app and reopen the app to get it to reconnect. I commented on this over a year ago. The problem remains. If they can finally resolve this issue, I will give it 5 stars. What I like most about this app is that they don’t censor Infowars and they don’t make me set up a profile to profile me based on what I listen to. UPDATE: 7-8-22. I use Simple Radio on the iPhone 6 version of the global track and trace devices that THEM in charge of the New Liberal Normal have conditioned US to pay for and pay for upgrading. Since the latest version, the inability to reconnect during tower changes while driving is worse AND it now stops playing quite often while on home WI-FI, which this app never did before, as if it’s caching the stream. I pay for 600MBps down and 20 MBps up. That shouldn’t be happening on my home Wi-Fi.
 


Developer Response ,


Thank you for posting a review and keeping us informed about how best to serve your needs. We would like the opportunity to talk and investigate your feedback further. Could you contact us at ios-cs@streema.com? We look forward to your email. Thank you!
 


Простое радио - радио FM AM


Simple Radio от Streema - это самый простой способ слушать ваши любимые FM-, AM- и онлайн-радиостанции.


Имея выбор более чем из 50 000 станций, вы можете слушать те, что полюбили, или открыть для себя новые жемчужины из любой точки мира. Simple Radio - первое приложение, сочетающее в себе многочисленные преимущества онлайн-радио с простотой радиоприемников прошлого.


Найти любую радиостанцию очень просто. Используйте поиск по жанру: поп, рок, новости, спорт и т.д., или поиск по стране (например, радиостанции США), по жанру, по формату, по штату или городу (например, радио Нью-Йорка или радио Лос-Анджелеса).


Миссия Streema состоит в том, чтобы упростить прослушивание радио в интернете и на мобильных устройствах. Плодом этих усилий стала программа Simple Radio, и нам не терпится услышать ваше мнение!


Слушайте Европа Плюс Москва, Русское Радио, Ретро FM, Наше Радио, Русский Хит, Relax FM, Русское Радио, Радио Маяк, Radio Monte Carlo, Вести ФМ, Хит FM, Радио Дача, Радио Ваня и многое другое!


Радио - просто радио. Слушайте любую станцию ​​без помех. Не требует регистрации. Более 40 000 станций. Музыка, новости, дискуссии и спорт. Откройте для себя лучшие радиостанции всего мира. Слушайте вашу любимую радиостанцию.


Удобный пользовательский интерфейс:
Simple Radio имеет чрезвычайно удобный пользовательский интерфейс, помогающий настроиться на нужную станцию максимально быстро. Многие радиопрограммы слишком сложны, чтобы просто слушать радио. С Simple Radio это ушло в прошлое.


Доступ к избранному одним касанием:
Добраться до станции, которую вы хотите слушать, как можно быстрее, очень важно - с Simple Radio вы всегда будете иметь доступ к избранным станциям одним касанием. Приложение оптимизировано для максимально удобного повседневного использования, будь то дома, на работе или в машине.


Без буферизаций и перерывов:
Используя опыт Streema в обслуживании более 10 миллионов слушателей ежемесячно, Simple Radio предлагает беспрецедентный уровень стабильности и надежности. Мы знаем, насколько это важно. Вот почему мы неустанно работаем над дальнейшим улучшением качества прослушивания в каждой новой версии.


Есть вопросы или отзывы? Мы читаем каждое присланное письмо
Хотите, чтобы мы добавили конкретную радиостанцию? Есть предложения? Пожалуйста, не стесняйтесь писать нам на simple@streema.com.


Это программное обеспечение использует код FFmpeg (ffmpeg.org) с лицензией LGPLv2.1 (www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.html).


Политика конфиденциальности: http://streema.com/about/privacy/
Условия использования: http://streema.com/about/terms/


Названия продуктов, логотипы, бренды и другие товарные знаки, представленные или упомянутые в этом профиле, и приложение Simple Radio являются собственностью соответствующих владельцев товарных знаков. Эти владельцы товарных знаков не связаны со Streema или нашими услугами.
