Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Urban VPN


Protege tu privacidad en internet con este servicio VPN


Última versión


Urban VPN es un sencillo servicio que ofrece a sus usuarios la posibilidad de disfrutar de forma totalmente gratuita de un completo servicio de redes privadas virtuales, un protocolo de conexión que protegerá en todo momento su privacidad en internet. Con una interfaz tan simple como intuitiva y con la opción de poder seleccionar con total libertad los servidores desde los que queramos que se realice la conexión a internet, Urban VPN se sitúa como una opción más que interesante para todos aquellos que quieran añadir nuevas capaz de seguridad a sus dispositivos Android.


Utilizar Urban VPN no podría ser más sencillo: una vez iniciemos la aplicación bastará con pulsar sobre el botón con forma de 'play' para que sus servicios se inicie de forma totalmente automática. En la zona inferior de la pantalla se nos mostrará la dirección IP que estamos ocultando, el país desde el que se está realizando este nueva conexión y las velocidades tanto de bajada como de subida de datos junto al ping de nuestro dispositivo. Urban VPN ajustará la localización del servidor de forma automática, aunque también podremos elegirlo nosotros manualmente.


Una de las características más interesantes de Urban VPN es el hecho de que no se limite a proteger nuestra identidad únicamente en el explorador web, sino que extienda sus funciones hacia todas las aplicaciones que requieran conexión a la red de cualquier tipo.


Requisitos (Última versión)


Más información

 Nombre de paquete com.urbanvpn.android  Licencia Gratis  Sistema operativo Android    Categoría Redes  Idioma Español

Urban VPN MOD APK Download (Free Proxy Unblocker)


Urban VPN MOD APK Proxy unblocker is the Urban Security App that provides Fast and Secure Private Network Serice globally with free premium unlocked features and resources. Access all the blocked websites and all the content privately with a virtual private network(VPN).


There are many VPNs you already used but it is the trusted and reliable VPN for your Android phones because it was developed for the Urban security service but it is available on the internet with premium features that millions of users download and use privately.


Urban VPN mod apk provides not only VPN service but also access for users to save and protect their mobile data from malicious and malware files.


Moreover, it will save your data from cyber crimes and other web criminal activities. This is the premium app that you can use free of cost to download our site with the latest urban VPN app features without advertisements.



NameUrban VPN APKVersionv1.0.53Size12MBCategoryUtility, AppsDeveloperUrban VPNRequirementsAndroid 5.0+Root RequiredNOGoogle Play IDcom.urbanvpn.android 



Urban VPN Proxy Unblocker


Urban VPN MOD APK unblocks your proxies and changes your IP(Internet Protocol) Address to any other server IP. It will unblock all the proxies temporarily when you try to connect the VPN and you can access all the sites easily and do different tasks.


All the proxies will automatically be blocked when you lost your Internet connection. It is not harmful to your mobile device and internet and there is no risk to your security rather it protects your data and security.


There are no requirements to use this app just normal Android phones and normal internet. After connecting this, your internet speed will be increased up to 2x.


Features of Urban VPN MOD APK 


These are All the Premium Features of this ap that you can use free of cost.


Hide Your IP & Encrypt Traffic 


This is the best VPN for this Feature because it will hide your IP from the exchange servers and create the encryption IP after connecting. With this feature, Anyone can’t see and track your IP address and encrypt the traffic. Just use VPN and perform your work without any restriction because it is 100% safe, Secure and reliable for all users.


Unblocked Websites to Restrict Location 


There are many websites that are blocked in your territories and you do have not the ability to access them without permission. These sites depend on the rules and regulations and only geo-strict locations can use them easily without permission.


If you want to use them, Download Urban VPN MOD APK to restrict the geo-location with proper security and access the websites. It will unblock all the websites in your country and protect your Android Device with Avast One VPN which provides you with both VPN & Anti Virus Services.


Stream & Download With Fast Speed 


With the same website, there are many streaming platforms blocked in your country and you could not watch and download their content. You need to use an urban VPN apk that can’t only help to access the streaming platform but also you have permission to download your favorite content with fast speed in your mobile phone’s internal storage.


Quickly Swap IP  


It is the interesting features of this app that help you to swap the location of your mobile phones with the IP addresses. Your friend lives in a foreign country and you want to use his/her mobile for the internet or any other task. You can swap your IP each other just with Urban VPN mod apk.


Put your friend’s IP in the Swap location option of the urban VPN but in this case, both mobile use urban VPN proxy unblocker.


Protect Your Data 


Every other person wants to protect data in any situation. Data Protection is very important when you use a third-party app in this thing that may contain Ads but it provides data protection as security. If any restriction occurs, it will notify you to instantly delete that app that contains harmful material.


Make Your IP 


Urban VPN Provides its users to make an IP Address feature. You will create your own IP Address that will show on the servers instead of the real IP. This is only for more secure mobile phones. If anyone can access your fake IP and doesn’t find your real IP.


This VPN Provides more security for free instead of other VPN services. We Will try to give you all the Apps that have reliable security and work properly. You can use Urban VPN as the Purpose of Gaming VPN that you can help to play games online with fast servers.


MOD Info 



  
Unlocked Premium.

  
Unlocked VIP.

  
Unlocked Pro.

  
Free.

  
Without Advertisement

  
MOD Premium Free.




What’s New 



  
Prioritize quality, security, and privacy simultaneously

  
Risk-free web browsing

  
Complete with protection against identity theft and other online crimes

  
Bypassing firewalls and anonymous browsing protocol

  
User-Friendly Interface

  
Safe & Secure




FAQs of Urban VPN MOD APK 


Most Popular and Trending FAQs of Urban VPN are Given Below:


Why do you need permission to install Urban VPN proxy Unblocker Mod APK (Premium Unlocked/VIP/PRO)? 


The app needs access to the system on your device. When you install an application, you will be notified of all the permissions required to run the application.


How Many Locations in Urban VPN MOD APK? 


There are almost 100 Locations available in it and you have the ability to use 90 locations because 10 are for the developers.


How to download & Install Urban VPN? 



  
Click on Download Button and Get the File with Fast Speed Downloading Servers.

  
After downloading, just click your APK File to Install the app On Your Android Phone.

  
Allow Storage and all the permission while the installation process.

  
It Will Take Time to Install, you need to wait.

  
After Installing Urban VPN APK, Protect your Device from Viruses and Enjoy a Free VPN.




Final Verdicts 


It will not store and collect your personal data it just processes and protect your data from Viruses and cyber crimes. This app has no in-app purchases and provides a seven-day trial of the paid version’s premium features at no cost. In addition, it can mask your IP address and encrypt your data in transit.


Urban VPN APK (1.0.53): Download Latest Android Version


Browse safely on your Android device with Urban VPN using its protected network


There are several ways to surf the web, the most common thing users do is start their browser and go directly to the page they are interested in, of course there is nothing wrong with that, but what happens when that is not enough? Today we will show you how Download UrbanVPN APK for Android and why you should use this app.


Also on TechnoAndroid:


When we explore the network, we can find some limitations or restrictions that do not allow us to do everything we want on the Internet. In most cases, the solution to this is to use a good VPN, we will explain what it is and how it can help you. For now, we invite you to stay until the end and learn all about it.



UpdatedDecember 2th 2022Name of the applicationUrban VPNLast versionv1.0.53GenderProxies and VPNsDeveloperUrban VPNOS versionAndroidPackage namecom.urbanvpn.androidAvailableGoogle Play 



What is UrbanVPN?


To start with, let's get to know what a VPN is. These are the initials of Virtual Private Network, which in Spanish would mean virtual private network. Its main objectives are to provide protection and privacy when using your Internet. Seen in a certain way, it can be a deterrent against hackers that helps you stay anonymous while browsing.


En este sentido, makes it almost impossible to know where you are when using the network or what you are viewing while doing so. However, this is not all, since they are usually used to take advantage of content that can only be viewed from another region.


For example, let's say you want to watch a movie or series on your favorite streaming service but it's not available in your country. Well, if this is the case, you use a reliable VPN and it will automatically be detected that you are browsing from another location. The idea is that in that region you can see that content that interests you since it will be available.


Now, What differentiates one VPN from another? In general, most are similar and extremely easy to use. These can be browser extensions, an app that runs in the background, or an extra that comes from the factory with your device.


What can really differentiate them lies in their price or if they are directly free. Also, the number of regions it offers to connect to, the quality of the connection, and similar details. Certainly some are better than others, or are better positioned thanks to the results they have provided to their users.


Today we want to talk to you about one that has many positive points in its favor and that has given us excellent results after its use: Urban VPN. We will not only tell you why we recommend it, but we will tell you where you can download it from and how to install it.


Why use a VPN?


There are several characteristics that make the use of a good VPN something totally recommendable when surfing the net. Next, we bring you some of these points that will help you decide whether or not it is convenient for you to have one installed.


Online data encryption


VPNs encrypt all information and traffic on your network while you browse. This makes it impossible to know what you are doing or seeing on your screen. In fact, not even your Internet provider can know what you are doing while you have an active VPN.


The really positive part of this is that, while the information is encrypted, threats like hacks are impossible as they will not be able to access your data. As a general rule, you will not suffer from limitations regarding Internet speed either.


When you use public WiFi networks, it is easy to access your data. If this is your case and you use a VPN, you will not have problems regarding the exposure of your data and information, such as passwords, for instance. In any case, if someone manages to access your data, since it is encrypted by the VPN, they will not be able to do anything with it.


Protect your privacy


To connect to the Internet, both websites and network services generally use your IP address to obtain your location. When we browse with a VPN, our IP is kept hidden, which It ensures total privacy and it will be impossible for them to find our location..


Keep dangerous pages and annoying ads at bay


While browsing, you might end up getting into malicious websites that will introduce malware into your system. Similarly, they can download trackers without you even noticing. VPNs are an excellent security system in these cases, since in addition to blocking these sites and preventing such infections, they add them to a blacklist.


Likewise, some VPN apps can block pop-ups and banner ads that end up being a nuisance. In this way, a much more pleasant navigation is ensured for the user.


Where to download Urban VPN APK for Android? (1.0.53)


As we mentioned, Urban VPN It has become our favorite when it comes to browsing privately and getting the most out of the network. It is a reliable, free, fast application that ensures total anonymity. It allows you to navigate between more than 80 locations and the list is growing.


Its main features lie in its great speed, unlimited connection while you use it, guaranteed privacy and security, and free access to any web page. Simply put, it is one of the best of its kind and that is totally free. Most VPNs offer trial periods or are directly paid, this is not the case.


To download and install it, all you have to do is search for it on Google Play and purchase it. However, if you want to search for it, download it and install it on your own, we leave you the link below.


Download Urban VPN APK latest version (1.0.53):


Once you have downloaded it, go to the downloads folder of your Android using the file manager. As soon as you find the file, install it normally and grant the necessary permissions to start using it.


What you should know when using an Urban VPN


There are some fairly common concerns among users who want to start using a VPN for browsing. Next, we compile a series of points that are probably of interest to you and will clarify one or another doubt.



  
They are totally legal in most countries, such as Spain or the United States

  
They fully guarantee your safety

  
The benefits far outweigh the disadvantages, which are often associated with internet speed

  
Paypal and other banking services can detect VPN use and prevent you from accessing it




Download Urban VPN APK and take full advantage of it


As we mentioned, we have had the opportunity to test a huge number of different applications in order to see which is the best VPN available. Certainly there are many of great quality that have given us excellent results. However, we are totally convinced that the best one you could try right now is Urban VPN.


you know where Download UrbanVPN APK for Android and start using it. It has all the good of the best tools of this style, offering the user everything he needs and more. Without a doubt, the best of all is that, considering its quality, it is completely free.
