Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Kali Trenero


Kali is 25 years old. She was born and raised in The Capitol to Mr. Trenero and Mrs. Trenero, with her sister Lucia Trenero. Kali spent a major part of her childhood playing with the source code of androids that worked in Nero Tower. Kali's mother died when she was six years old, after which she ate a lot as a coping mechanism, becoming overweight in her youth.


She first saw the outside of The Capitol at age 16, where she was surprised by all the greenery, as she had only seen gardens like in the tower she lived in. Due to there being no elves in The Capitol, Lin was the first elf she met. Kali's father sent her to Syl'anar to 'experience reality', and she began living in the hotel. She viewed this as being kicked out.


Kali spends most of her time on the computer. She loves pizza, and oriental food "when too lazy to bake pizza". She sometimes hangs out with Lin, who watches her play games. Kali has a rape fetish. As of starting university, she calls the player "honeybear". Some day, she hopes to have a child with the player - specifically, one boy.


Kali has been developing an app that lets the user control androids. Only our Android is able to take back control, due to her consciousness. She later pitches the idea of "artificially intelligent" hotel branches using androids. She says her father could provide the player a loan to start it out.


Relationships 


Kali's father, Mr. Trenero, is very rich and powerful. Her mother was a waitress. Lucy is three years younger than Kali, remaining with their father until she saw him having sex with Mariella. She then moved into the hotel with Kali. Kali thinks her sister is a brat, however they both love each other deep down.


As the story progresses, Kali becomes friendlier with Lin and Ashley. She is interested in Android as a created being. Maria shows some sexual interest in Kali. Eventually she also meets Moon, and they bond over video games.


At Syltech, she makes friends with Kim, Vanessa and Nala.


Events 

 Events Trigger Summary Version  CHAPTER 1: Introductions   Relationship Level 1 Talk option on Kali's door You interrupt Kali while playing a game. Kali introduces herself, and you get to know each other a little.  Relationship Level 2 Talk option on Kali's door Kali's hard drive breaks. You buy her another one to replace it.  Relationship Level 3 Enter the Hot Springs You find Kali sunbathing. You get her a drink, and she accidentally flashes you.  Relationship Level 4 "Invite Kali to Cafe" option on Kali's door You invite Kali to Corpus Cafe . She buys and wears an expensive red dress. You have a conversation with her, and get to know each other a little better.  Relationship Level 5 Talk option on Kali's door Kali asks you to pick up a package for her from the front door. You can choose to snoop.  Relationship Level 6 Talk option on Kali's door Kali finds a job. You go with her to her new job, meet her coworker, and keep her company during her training.  Relationship Level 7 Talk option on Kali's door You and Kali go to the beach.  Relationship Level 8 Visit the Hot Springs Kali is relaxing nude at the hot springs. You can steal her clothes.  Relationship Level 9 Automatic in Morning Kali invites you to the hot springs, but then steals your clothes to prank you.  Relationship Level 10 Talk option on Kali's door Kali gives you a blowjob, and answers a phone call from her dad. Unlocks repeatable  Relationship Level 11 Talk option on Kali's door You and Kali walk around the suburbs, chatting. Kali hacks a delivery droidbot for fries.  Relationship Level 12 Leave your room Lin is feeling a little sick, so Kali substitutes as maid for the day. She offers you a boobjob afterward, unlocking repeatable.  Relationship Level 13 Talk option on Kali's door Kali asks you to come with her to make a delivery to a creepy guy. He offers to pay Kali to masturbate on his porch.  Relationship Level 14 Talk option on Kali's door Kali can't get herself off. She asks you to help, with your dick. You help her out.  CHAPTER 2: Friends & Family   Relationship Level 15 Lin's Relationship Level must be at least 10 

Talk option on Kali's door


Talk option on Kali's door


Get a text from Kali (Automatic in Morning) 
Enter the Hot Springs


"Set up the Scene" option on Maria's door, weekdays at Noon


Talk option on Kali's door


Must have $250 
Talk option on Kali's door


Or, wait until Noon for a small extra scene 
Or, wait until Afternoon for different small scene, and Kali Affection loss


1. Leave your room 
2. Talk option on Kali's door 
3. Automatic in Morning


Enter the Lobby in the Morning


Talk option on Kali's door


Talk option on Kali's door


Autumn Corpus


Autumn is a religious and traditional girl from the countryside.


Contents


Characterization and Biography 


Biography


She was born north of The Capitol , but moved to Syl'anar at the age of 7 with her sister Hazel . Her family owns a ranch and a cafe named the Corpus Cafe , owned by her father who sold the cafe's rights to Personality 


Due to her restrictive religious upbringing, Autumn can be quite blunt and reserved.


She claims her only goal is to find a good man to marry and start a family, likely a result of her upbringing, and grandmother in particular. She has great difficulty in this, because most men are only interested in her naturally buxom body. Even everyday things like buying new clothes is troublesome due to her body.


Appearance


Autumn's distinctive red eyeliner is part of her Gaianist upbringing. Due to her family's devout following, they follow a tradition of lining female family members eyes with different colours to represent certain traits. Red lines represent fertility (thereby signalling readiness to marry as well as bear children) while blue lines designate a married woman. In Autumn's case, her mother gave her the red lines shortly before she moved out.


Relationships 


She has a sister named Hazel a few years older than her. Her mother was a saint, and her father a bishop. Her mother achieved saint status due to her devotion to Gaius and her leadership skills, overseeing many churches and giving food to the poor. Her father gained his rank for his devotion to elvish rights, frequently holding talks with important figures to achieve such. His devotion primarily began after his wife's death, where he delved into his studies. He is soon to be an archbishop, and hopes to achieve divine-hood by freeing the elves. Apparently, the Pope is not fond of him because of this. Autumn's mother was a "free-thinker" hippy-type, even smoking a dooby once.


Her grandmother lives on and runs the family ranch alone, although Hazel and Autumn help out when they visit. She has a very strict and particularly racist view on things, remarking that they took land from the elves so now it belongs to them, and they should leave. The farm is also home to the family's male dog, Honey.


Apparently, Autumn has a few long lost cousins who still live just north of The Capitol.


Her Corpus surname comes from her royal lineage - the first daughter of King Corpus the second is her great-great-great-great-great-grandmother.


At the hotel, she initially doesn't interact with many others due to the sheer difference in views and personality, even arguing with Maria and Android, although reconciling with Maria after things escalate. She does however confide in Kali to some degree, even seeking advice on occasion. While she never outright argues with Lin, her sheer lack of knowledge and awareness of the elf situation thanks to her upbringing leads her to unintentionally talk down to her slightly, with Lin flipping the situation, leading Autumn to sheepishly change topics.


Events 


Day 55 
Automatic in Lobby


Lin's friendship must be at least 28 
Must have Sylvia and Nia


Talk option on Autumn's door next Sunday Noon


Must have bought Sylvia 
Talk option on Autumn's door


Talk option on Autumn's door


Talk option on Autumn's door
