Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Webull Android


Would you like to try your luck in the stock market? Webull is a financial app that will help us to invest in the stock market and control our assets.


The official app of Chinese business to invest in the stock market


Whether you want to invest in the stock market or want to be informed about the latest stock market news, this app will become your best friend. By downloading the APK file, we will be able to see updated data in real time, manage our portfolio and study stock market fluctuations, among other options.


Your pocket financial manager


Webull is the official application of the Chinese financial services company of the same name, and offers us information about the stock market, but also tools for investing in the stock market. Therefore, its content is purely technical. And although it has an elegant and intuitive interface, its use is intended for experts in the field.


Build your own personalized portfolio.
 


Thus, in this app we will find advanced trading tools, customizable graphs, in-depth analysis, useful information to operate in the stock market, voice commands and market orders, such as the order stop the buy and sell.


On the other hand, we can configure alerts, create a customized portfolio and synchronize our account with Google Finance. It also includes all kinds of financial and economic news that can help us to earn hard cash on the stock market.


Requirements and additional information:


With a degree in Law and Journalism, I specialized in criminology and cultural journalism. Mobile apps, especially Android apps, are one of my great passions. I have been testing dozens of apps every day for over six years now, discovering all.


Webull apk


Intuitive charts, various screeners, in-depth fundamental data and news to help clients analyze companies and trends.


Webull supports 60+ technical indicators, plus 12 charting tools. You can tailor your trade widget to discover trends and potential opportunities.


The active trade widget allows you to quickly place orders with a price ladder and big buttons to reverse your positions, cancel all open orders or close all positions with a click of button.


Highly customizable technical indicators and over 20 financial indicators with new alert settings for extended trading hours.


No downloads required. Get free real time stock quotes, research and analysis tool, and trade functions on Web platform. Available for Chrome, Safari, Firefox and other major browsers.


Securities trading is offered to self-directed customers by Webull Financial LLC, a broker dealer registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Webull Financial LLC is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), NASDAQ and Cboe EDGX Exchange, Inc (CBOE EDGX).


Webull Financial LLC is a member of SIPC, which protects securities customers of its members up to $500,000 (including $250,000 for claims for cash). An explanatory brochure is available upon request or at www.sipc.org. Our clearing firm, Apex Clearing Corp., has purchased an additional insurance policy..


Our clearing firm Apex Clearing Corp has purchased an additional insurance policy. The coverage limits provide protection for securities and cash up to an aggregate of $150 million, subject to maximum limits of $37.5 million for any one customer’s securities and $900,000 for any one customer’s cash. Similar to SIPC protection, this additional insurance does not protect against a loss in the market value of securities.


Cryptocurrency execution and custody services are provided by Apex Crypto LLC (NMLS ID 1828849) through a software licensing agreement between Apex Crypto LLC and Webull Pay LLC. Cryptocurrency trading is offered through an account with Apex Crypto. Apex Crypto is not a registered broker-dealer or FINRA member and your cryptocurrency holdings are not FDIC or SIPC insured. Please ensure that you fully understand the risks involved before trading. Not all coins provided by Apex Crypto LLC are available to New York residents. Please visit www.webull.com/cryptocurrency to see a list of crypto available to trade. Crypto trading only available to US residents.


All investments involve risk, and not all risks are suitable for every investor. The value of securities may fluctuate and as a result, clients may lose more than their original investment. The past performance of a security, or financial product does not guarantee future results or returns. Keep in mind that while diversification may help spread risk, it does not assure a profit or protect against loss in a down market. There is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities or other financial products. Investors should consider their investment objectives and risks carefully before investing.


Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all investors. Option investors can rapidly lose the value of their investment in a short period of time and incur permanent loss by expiration date. Losses can potentially exceed the initial required deposit. You need to complete an options trading application and get approval on eligible accounts. Please read the Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options before trading options.


No content on the Webull Financial LLC website shall be considered as a recommendation or solicitation for the purchase or sale of securities, options, or other investment products. All information and data on the website is for reference only and no historical data shall be considered as the basis for judging future trends.


Investors should be aware that system response, execution price, speed, liquidity, market data, and account access times are affected by many factors, including market volatility, size and type of order, market conditions, system performance, and other factors.


Free trading of stocks, ETFs, and options refers to $0 commissions for Webull Financial LLC self-directed individual cash or margin brokerage accounts and IRAs that trade U.S. listed securities via mobile devices, desktop or website products. A $0.55 per contract fee applies for certain options trades. Relevant regulatory and exchange fees may apply. Please refer to our Fee Schedule for more details.


Webull apk


Everyone has access to our advanced and fully customizable desktop platform. You can consolidate your watchlists, analyze charts, place orders, and check your positions across all of Webull's platforms (mobile, PC, and web). Stay current with the markets and manage your investments wherever you are.


Intuitive charts, various screeners, in-depth fundamental data and news to help clients analyze companies and trends.


Webull supports 50 technical indicators, as well as 12 charting tools. Clients can configure the trading panel as they like to discover trends and potential opportunities for their own investment strategy.


Active trade widget allows you to quickly place trades with price ladder and big buttons to reverse your positions, cancel all open orders or close all positions at the click of a button.
