Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Silver Studio Games


Hello everyone! We hope you’re all enjoying the game so far. We wanted to give you a progress report on the upcoming updates that we’re working on. Our team has been hard at work, making improvements and adding new features to enhance your experience.


To start off, we’re converting our codebase to Python 3 and Renpy 8, which will help address performance issues on PC and android devices. We’re also fixing crashes on mobile devices so that you can enjoy the game without any interruptions. This is an important change that should make the code more maintainable and reduce its complexity.


Additionally, we’re adding translation support to the game, which means that we will be providing the tools and support for players to translate the game into their own language. However, the actual translations will be crowd-sourced, so players will be able to help us make the game accessible to more players around the world. We’re hoping that this will bring the community closer together and make the game even more enjoyable for everyone.


The layering for the character’s Doll system is also getting an overhaul. We’re expanding support for mods and clothing, and we’ve added some new features like static zorders per layer, dynamic clothing based on other clothing or facial states, support for more common file formats like PNG, AVIF, and TIFF, alongside WEBP. We’ve also expanded modding support so you can add new characters, events, or modify existing ones with less issues. There are also layer modifiers for character files, which will allow for even more customization options.


The Chibis are also getting an overhaul with a brand new codebase and artwork for all characters. We’re sure you’ll love the new look!


We’ll be disclosing more changes and additions as they get closer to being ready, so stay tuned for more updates. For those who missed our previous progress report, the next two updates will be focusing on Cho, and Luna.


To sweeten up the wait time a little, we’ll be posting a fun teaser on our Patreon page that we’re sure will bring a smile to all you quidditch fans. Keep an eye out for smaller teasers being posted on our discord server, such as the one about Susan wearing a sexy priestess outfit.


It was also brought to our attention that there are issues with our website requiring a log-in, so we’re looking for alternative hosting services. We’ll keep you updated as we find a better solution.


For those who are curious (or impatient 🤭) about the progress of the update, we wanted to mention that we use Git for version control. This means that our code and progress is always available for anyone to see. If you’re interested in checking out what we’re working on or following along with our progress, you can find our Git repository on our website. This is a great way to stay up-to-date on the latest changes and to see what we’re working on next. If you do wish to check our repository, please be mindful of spoilers, and that the content is not representative of the final product and may change at any time of the development cycle. If you find any bugs or issues with the new unpublished content, please send us a DM.


We’re always looking for ways to improve the game, and we’re excited to bring these updates to you soon. Thank you for your continued support!


Witch Trainer Download Free


Witch Trainer Free Download 2019 Adult GOG PC Game With All Latest Updates And DLCs For Mac OS X DMG And Android APK Worldofpcgames Best Website For Free Games.


Overview Witch Trainer:


The Witch Trainer Video Game is a very prequel to Princess Trainer, a little after the magic shop events. As compared to the other games, Witch Trainer has fewer scenarios, characters, and mechanics. Miss Granger and the professor of the Slytherin School appear as the companproton of the evils. Miss Granger has become a headache for Professor for Professor Snape and you will try to put in the waist to this one. She is not developing her personal growth but affecting the other characters in the game such as Snape, Harry, and Ginny. The bust of Princess Jasmine has been tried to increase in the game and is shifted to a parallel reality where he replaces the well-renowned magician.


Witch Trainer is a mod pack of a few different mods as well as a few new contents. The new scenes, map, scene changes, potprotons, custom outfits as well as evolving outfits are introduced in the game. Besides you can also purchase the multiple new clothes set from the store. You can further improve the outfits. The multiple events in the game can also happen during the day or night time.


Witch trainer has undergone the new interactive puzzles as well as a new quest line. You can unlock new events with achievements. The wardrobe is a hidden new feature in the game. You can utilize the in-game cheats to skip Hermprotone. All new clothes set can be cheated as well as unlocked. However, the game is incomplete at the time while the developers are also trying to fix some of its major bugs.


Witch Trainer Free Download:



  
Fewer Scenarios Characters and Mechanics

  
Magician and Magics

  
Custom Outfits and Evolving Outfits

  
Multiple Events

  
Day/Night Cycle

  
In Game Cheats




1 :: Operating System :: Windows 7/8/8./10 
2 :: Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 
3 :: Ram :: 2 GB RAM 
4 :: DirectX: Version 9 
5 :: Graphics:: Any Graphics Card Can Work 
6 :: Space Storage:: 2 GB space


Turn Off Your Antivirus Before Installing Any Game


1 :: Download Game 
2 :: Extract Game 
3 :: Launch The Game 
4 :: Have Fun 🙂


Mod - Ren'Py - Witch Trainer: Silver Mod [v1.44.4] [Silver Studio Games]


The mod definitively expands the game worthy, just like we would expect, and they added more mechanics, not only new content with girls. I just wanted to know where in the game that hairjob scene occours because i wasn't capable of finding it, but every other aspect is good as they show. Incredible increment in history and the graphics are better than the vanilla one. I really like how they reduced the grinding and made the playthrough more funny, like the interactions with Snape. Congratulations for the team.


warriorpoet


The Akabur content is quite good, but clearly unfinished. The Silver content, while not as good as Akabur, is at least adequate and building upon his foundation. I do wish they stuck to his foundation a bit more though, because it seems like some of the direction they're going in is either random or not nearly as interesting as the Hermione content. A card game? So odd. And I know the other girls aren't the main focus so its fair they don't get the same attention as Hermione, but honestly the level of the writing isn't nearly as good. The Silver writers can sometimes be on the QUITE wordy side, and with little payoff. The looks of the characters are mostly appealing, but their events just aren't executed as well as their design. 
Overall its a cool game, but I personally don't find anything outside of the main Hermione content to be satisfying.


dookie85


. haven't played the latest versions, but the game was pretty fun, if I recall correctly. It was one of my first VN style games, even if I prefer management or other genres. Come to find out, it's a mod still being patched, which is great.


chichong


I keep coming back to check the progress on this, and there is none. 
Yeah, they add "costumes". Because. reasons?


Look, guys, if I wanted to play dress-up doll, I'd play Sims 4 with Wicked Whims installed. Seriously.


Not to mention that the costumes you put on characters don't show up in sex scenes. Those start and end with the normal school uniforms. So in the end there is zero reason to spend time and effort and resources for those costumes.


I get it, they are easier to make, and you can show some "progress". But we, players, want to see progress in terms of story, character relationship, lewd scenes, not in some lame costume.


If you look at update history, it's all you see. Added costumes / outfits. You are pretty much taking Project Zomboid habit to add one towel color / update.


DevonRayMun


1 star reduction for the terrible performance and content removal (though I understand it's probably better overall for the writing consistency).


This mod fixes a lot of issues I had with Akabur's trainers, mainly that it is a very niche sub-genre of trainers where you are corrupting people for other's sake. Most trainers inspired by Akaur at least give you the choice between personal or public route, or alter the ending formular so that you are the one that gains the most. This mod fixes Hermione's route while keeping the writing consistent.


The additional character they added are very diverse and each has there own twist of the trainer formula, and all have very good writing.


How the story has layed out so far also leaves huge room for future interactions between characters post-corruption, which is always a good thing.


Chekhovs_Ghost


I've tried a variety of iterations of witch trainer silver.


It's strange how much of good content has been removed over time. I have no evidence for it, but I get the impression that it's morally motivated, which is a strange thing for a game that is at its heart about the corrupt trading of sexual favors at a school.


The writing isn't close to the quality of the original game. There are many choices and options that I found profoundly unsexy, which I did not encounter in the original game. And rather than anticipating the broader palette of sexuality that the mod offers, a lot of the content HAS to be done in order to get to other content, even though the way the game is set-up gives perfect room to give the player choice which content to engage with and which to avoid.


It's a profound failure of competence. Saved from a 1 star only by the broader selection of girls and outfits compared to the original.


 Anon907 


This is a review of the mod, not the game itself (which is still fantastic). 
I have been following this mod ever since SadCrab started their own separate project. It was originally done by1 guy named Mo coder, and they where adding tons of content, that was in line with the game. I want to say about 3 years ago, as Mo was getting swamped with other work, they brought on more people to help. Ultimately nobody knows why Mo left, but I have strong suspicions that it was because of the growing team hating the direction they where going. 
2 years of work, and they have almost nothing to show. They went backwards, removed tons of content, sanitized the storyline, and basically have just floundered on wanting to add their own content. 
It's the oldest game dev story, where everyone wants to add their OC, and the people brought on to help took over to make sure their waifu gets the branched out storyline. 
The fact that at one point there was a threesome with Luna is now gone, and the game now runs at a snails pace (I haven't had it crash to be fair) is pretty telling that the person who spearheaded most of the stuff is gone and we are getting someone elses game inside of a better game.


Dr.Sloth


Akabur games are pretty cool, and can be pretty funny too. I also really like his artstyle. But let's be honest, the guy is unreliable : Witch Trainer was done in quickly and is overall pretty lacking. BUT that's where team Silver comes in ! 
Although development is bit chaotic (whole arcs added then cut to be rewriten what ?), the added parts are really good, and art managed to stay coherent (although they redid some of it). 
However grade is only 3 stars, because nearly every new version requires you to start over : a safe fast forward button would be greatly appreciated because doing so with cheats tends to break the game.


Golden Idiot


Make no mistake, this is a great trainer game, yet i cant give it a high rating because of the simple fact that im just not feeling this game. Games from akabur have their own distinct feel and style to it, yet, this is a mod of that game, not the original and in my eyes, it has failed to uphold the spirit of the original authors style of game.


Despite all of that, good game.


megagurkle


This game was good in the original, but the support from the team that has built this continuation is really impressive. Art and story is constantly being improved, even if unevenly or some stories are basically static between several updates. Previous version also have storylines that have been removed, tweaked, or are planned to be reworked, so there is still something to be had by playing older versions


Bummenphist


Even though it is still being worked on and occasionally tweaked in a slightly different way, this game has the best combination of artwork, game style, character interaction and adult content that I have found.


TheBat89


This review is based on the v1.42 Silver mod content, not the original Akabur Witch Trainer game.


Are you looking for a mod that expands the original game in meaningful ways like adding in new scenes and expanding original events? Well, that mod doesn't exist.


Are you instead looking for a mod that adds in meaningless new clothes and new characters that have next to no content and will likely never go anywhere given the glacial development pace? Then you're in luck, this is exactly that mod!


Two stars because what little content has been added over the 5 years of development is okay. Minus 3 because its an unfocused mess that hasn't really gone anywhere in 5 years.


Teist


Best mod ever for an awesome game. 
The original akabur's game is just expanded with so much lore friendly quality content for free: 
Lots of characters, outfits, story, locations, sex scenes, photo mode. All with the respect of the original game's art and spirit


Doctor Shark


Love the art. The story's fine. It's just way too grindy and there are too many basic animations that make everything take forever.


Turukulon


Good history, good game. Waiting to see a 3D version and more and more content. I prefer new scenes, and possibly a "cheat" with the values necessaries for costumes. A new characters also, Ginny, Bellatrix, etc.


BlackFoxEv


If I had to put a defect, it is that there is not a complete translation into Spanish.


I tried the original work, much more limited and less showy. A lot of new features have been added and it shows a LOT . Totally recommended.


amitchellsri


Great game, though not for everybody. I enjoy the slow burn, it makes the payoff more rewarding. The corruption mechanics make it more entertaining to see the girls behaving like sluts, than if they had started out that way


Clay Karen


How come I have been ignoring this gem? The animation is neat, not my cup of tea, to be honest, and not too many of them, but the art itself is exquisite. I also love the idea of clothing progression, we just don't lewd them immediately. The card game is great, but the I wish we could choose our rules in the 2nd tier. But what I like best is the script. The cameos are great, 4th wall breaking moments are great, the ending is perfect, the new characters are great, their stories are beautifully written. The best of all, Snape bromance! Whoever wrote this script is a genius!


Zamboobafoo


I've been following this since the developer switch from one individual to a 'whole team' and from what I can tell, for every piece of 'content' added, 1.5-2 pieces of content are being removed. The obsession with trying to set up different clothing rigs for multiple outfits has resulted in less, not more content. I'd be able to forgive the lack of visual content if the story lines and writing were of great quality- but the text is serviceable at best, nothing to really praise or write home about. I imagined that spreading the work out among several individuals would lead to a speedy and plentiful series of updates- but after 1.5 years or so, after I come back to this game, even accepting that a great deal of additional content for Cho and others are planned and implemented to varied degrees I've encountered very little that I did not encounter 1.5-2 years ago. Indeed, some scenes and scenarios I really enjoyed have been totally gutted from the game with no signs of them being implemented in the future or changed to add a layer of freshness to playing. I know it's a lot easier to critique something than make it- and overall I have had my fun with the game, but this is the only project I can think of where each passing major update focuses more on 'bug fixes' and adding clothing pieces rather than expanding the general content of the game. I even enjoyed the pacing of reading the different books- as the chapters went on, the writing and scenarios became saucier, so you could even get your kicks while 'grinding' imagination. Never before have I seen so many removals and reductions in a game's content without subsequent expansion into other content of similar length and quality. It's very strange.


On top of removing content at a rapid pace, rewriting scenes and characters that have been established for years that also removes content, and going from one person passion project to ‘an entire team,’ the updates are slower, contain less, and they have the gumption to request donations!


I just can't wrap my head around the logistics of it. A significant portion of content is removed (and I am not even including potions, I couldn't care less about those additions even though they were good content) and then a bare minimum trickle of writing is added to pad out 'storylines' that are less well put together than a script of CSI Miami. If they want to turn this platform into a dress-up simulator for varied Harry Potter characters I'm fine with that vision- I just wish they would inform players that this is the direction they are going with. The mirror additions, meant to be funny and humorous, fall utterly flat in terms of comedy or intriguing content to me. I think it is a poor series of design and pacing decisions where I as a player recall having MORE to do and MORE to experience in a version 2 years ago than the current working version today. Once again, I don't know how their team is set up or how their scheduling works and I am well aware I am 'owed nothing' from them, but I find it very hard indeed to believe they can think they are making great progress when more time has been spent gutting existing content with each subsequent update than actually adding content. I guestimate off the top of my head about 45 minutes to an hour of additional reading/content has been added while roughly an hour to 90 minutes of reading/content has been removed. How is this building upon previous iterations? It's as if I am watching a demolition of a project in very slow motion. I think it's time to go back to Princess Trainer Gold.
