Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Pizza


 
Pizza is the face of the game, so it is the staple food of Work at a Pizza Place. It is ordered by NPCs, but regular players can also get it by spending 100. The order is accepted by the cashier, after which it is displayed on the cook's order sheet. After cooking, the pizza is sent to the packaging and then ready for delivery. delivery must deliver it to the NPC's house or give it to the player if he ordered pizza. After completing a mini journey, players are paid a salary, a salary for working in a pizza place.


Pizza ingredients


Let's start the analysis of pizza with the ingredients. There are not many of them in the game, but the ingredients bring a little variety. They can be moved by cooks from the ingredient bases onto the pizza. Suppliers are needed to ensure the ingredients do not run out.


Dough


Key ingredient in making pizzas. If dough stays on the floor for too long, several insects will consume it. If it gets cold after being baked, you could either throw it away or reheat it. If it gets burnt, you have no choice but to extinguish it using the fire extinguisher and throw it away.


Tomato sauce


The second key ingredient. Like dough, every pizza needs tomato sauce. It is applied to the dough without changing during cooking. This means that it can be added to cooked pizza.


Cheesse


The last key ingredient. Like the other two, pizzas also need cheese. The cheese is sprinkled on the dough, and after cooking it becomes melted. Therefore, unlike tomato sauce, it cannot be added after cooking.


Pepperoni


This is an exclusive ingredient for pepperoni pizza. This does not change after cooking, which means that pepperoni can be put on a cooked pizza, as well as tomato sauce.


Sausage


This is an exclusive ingredient for sausage pizza. This does not change after cooking, which means that sausage can be put on a cooked pizza, as well as tomato sauce or pepperoni.


Types


As already mentioned, pizza is the staple food. It would be strange to have only one kind of it, so there are three of them:


Cheese pizza 


The most difficult type to prepare. This pizza can only be prepared by pro players. This hardcore consists of dough, cheese and tomato sauce.


Pepperoni pizza 


Type of pizza with pepperoni. For this pizza you will need dough, cheese, tomato sauce, and of course pepperoni.


Sausage pizza 


Type of pizza with sausage. This includes: dough, cheese, tomato sauce and sausage.


Special pizza


Ha, you thought only three pizzas existed. Special pizza is a special fourth type that differs from the three usual ones only by the presence of bonuses. Getting an order for it is much more difficult than for a regular one. You can determine the "feature" of this pizzas using a dialog box that differs from the usual one, using the presence of a present or capsule.


Golden Pizza 


Golden Pizzas include 2x the Moneyz you would normally get from a successful delivery. The dough of this pizzas has a neon yellow color, and the boxes of this pizzas is just orange. The rarity of this type: 5-10%.


Neon Pizza 


Neon Pizzas include 10x the Moneyz you would normally get from a successful delivery (At least 100 Moneyz unless your pay has been decreased). The dough for this pizzas has a neon color and shimmers with different colors, the boxes for this pizzas also shimmer with different colors and have neon. The rarity of this type: about 1%.


Present Pizza 


Present Pizzas give everyone working in the server one of the currently available presents (Even event presents). You will not receive any other coin bonuses for delivery this pizzas. The rarity of this type: 0.7%.


Capsule Pizza 


Capsule Pizzas give everyone working in the server the same random sticker, the rarity of which depends on the sticker capsule. Apart from the duplicate sticker, you will not receive any other coin bonuses for delivery this pizzas. The rarity of this type: 0.5% or lower.


Instructions


I propose to disassemble that pizza mini journey in detail and step by step.


Order


To start cooking pizza, you should first order it or take someone's order. This is the cashier's job. The cashier stands behind the cash register, which is located in the main hall of the pizzeria. NPCs with a dialog box are suitable for this cash register, to start interaction, press e or the question mark itself (if you are from a mobile phone / tablet). Next, you will have three possible answers, choose the correct answer that will not offend the NPC. After that, the NPC will show or tell what he wants to order. Click on the pizza icon that the NPC wants. If the pizza was ordered by the player, then he must write in the chat what he wants from the cashier.


Cook


To make a pizza, you first grab some dough from the conveyor belt to the left of the table. You then put it on the table, where it will flatten automatically. (In real life, you would have to flatten it with a rolling pin.) Afterwards, put tomato sauce and cheese on the pizza. If you want to make a pepperoni pizza, put pepperoni on the pizza. If you want to make a sausage pizza, put sausage on the pizza. If you want to make a cheese pizza, leave it as it is. Then put your pizza in the oven and wait until the bar turns green. Open the oven, and then put the pizza on the conveyor belt to the right of the table. It will send the pizza to the pizza boxing room, completing the order.


Pizza Boxer


To box a pizza, drag one of the boxes to the table. Then, drag the pizza on the conveyor belt to the right of the table inside the box. Close the box, and then drag the boxed pizza to the square-shaped conveyor belt leading to the delivery pick-up station. Be careful not to click on the boxes too quick, otherwise you risk destroying the box and wasting it, plus sometimes resulting in a star, two or all from the star system to be removed and your pay being decreased.


Delivery


To deliver the pizza, first take a pizza box from the table. It will appear in your inventory as a letter & a number, or a pizza. If your icon is a letter & a number go to the carpark and grab a car and then drive to the house that you need to deliver to, you can know via the house numbers. If the icon is a pizza, you'll get a yellow arrow indicating where tongo, follow it until you reach the player that ordered it, touch he or she and then the pizza box will be opened and kept floating. Then, the customer player and other ones will be able to grab a slice.


Letter & number


Your pizza has a letter and number on it, go outside and find a car. Cars will spawn in the parking lot behind the pizza place. Drive past The Dump, then drive to the corresponding lane based on which letter your pizza is. If your pizza has the letter A, go to the right lane. If your pizza has the letter B, keep straight. If your pizza has the letter C, go to the left lane. The number indicates which house the pizza belongs to. Drive to the house with the mailbox with the same code that your pizza has. Go to their door holding the pizza, and the order has been completed.


Pizza


If your pizza's icon is a pizza, walk or drive to where the yellow arrows point. You will find the player who owns the pizza. Go up to them holding the pizza, and the order will be completed.


Unaccepted Pizzas


Every type of bad/declined pizzas.


You thought pizza has only four types? On this section, this will be talking about pizzas that are declined by the conveyor to the Pizza Boxing Room. Sometimes, bad pizzas can actually go through the conveyor, even more rare is that it can even those pizzas can actually be delivered to houses. Most of the bad pizzas can go to the Disposal Bin, where they will disappear completely, these are all the bad pizzas in Work at Pizza Place and their cause and solution:


Uncooked Pizza 


It 's just a bunch of ingredients. Just put the pizza in the oven.


Pizza with Insects 


Oh no! Your pizza has been on the floor for too long. Just throw out this misunderstanding.


Burnt Pizza 


You overexposed your pizza in the oven. You should put it out, and then you can throw out the burnt pizza or make oreo pizza.


Unready Pizza 


You tried to get the pizza out of the oven too soon. The dough is not finished. I think we should put this pizza back in the oven.


Cold Pizza 


The pizza has been lying idle for too long and now it's cold. You can put it back in the oven, well, or throw it away.


Pizza without cheese 


Oh! I guess you forgot to add cheese. Don't throw this pizza away, just sprinkle some cheese on it and put it back in the oven.


Pizza with double toppings 


Although this pizza is not included in this category, but it is worth mentioning. You can get it, if you put Sausage and Pepperoni at the same time. Now you got bug pizza. This pizza can go instead of pepperoni pizza or instead of sausage pizza.


Work at a Pizza Place


Work at a Pizza Place is a job simulation Roblox experience developed by Dued1 on November 3, 2007. In this game, players need to work as a team in order to fulfill orders and to use their earnings to upgrade their house, buy furniture and buy gear.


Work at a Pizza Place has been one of the earliest and most popular games on the platform alongside Natural Disaster Survival, the game retains high concurrent player counts as a result of continuous updates. In 2018, the game celebrated its 10-year anniversary and reached 1B visits on October 11th of the same year.


Work at a Pizza Place involves players role-playing as different types of workers doing real-world jobs in a pizza place to earn cash, which can be spent on upgrading and decorating their house, buying gears and ordering food items as a customer themselves.


Contents



  
1 Jobs

  
1.1 Manager

  
1.2 Cashier

  
1.3 Cook

  
1.4 Pizza Boxer

  
1.5 Delivery

  
1.6 Supplier

  
1.7 On Break



  
2.1 Upgrades



  
5.1 Customization

  
5.2 Caretaking



  
12.1 Obtainable Badges

  
12.2 Unobtainable Badges



  
13.1 ROBLOX Holiday 2014 Event

  
13.2 Teen Titans Go! Event

  
13.3 Disney Infinity Event

  
13.4 Blink

  
13.5 BLOXtober 2015 Event

  
13.6 Pizza Party Event




Jobs


There are six total jobs in the pizzeria. These jobs work in a hierarchical fashion, creating interdependence between the players (for instance, a cook will not be able to work if no one is taking orders as a cashier, consequently precluding the work of the players working in other jobs).


Players can also take a break by simply entering their own house or a friend's house. When done so, they will be automatically be placed on the "On Break" team and will be switched out of their work clothes. Players are able to take breaks whenever they please but won't receive pay since they're not working.


Manager 


The Manager is the head of the pizza place and has several duties and powers. Managers are able to hand out bonus checks, name an employee as Employee of the Day, send employees back to work, and start a vote to kick abusive players (however, if the target player has the VIP game pass, the Manager cannot kick them or send them back to work). The manager also has the ability to work in all 5 jobs without being switched to said job's team.


The manager's office is located next to the pizza boxing area. It's a small room with two windows containing a desk, wooden chair, black executive chair, houseplant, coffee mug, and lamp. The side window's blinds can be toggled by clicking on them, doing this changes the position of the blinds. In older versions of the game, players only had the back window, which could be toggled from see-through to opaque. The door for the office is locked either until the manager passes through it, a player inside the office leaves it, or the manager leaves their job.


Only one player can be manager at a time. No one else may become manager until the current manager leaves the game, gets removed from their job due to a random bug in the game, removes themself from manager via pressing the "Remove Manager" or the "Quit My Job" button, entering their own home, or by getting votekicked by other players.


Once a manager quits or gets kicked, the manager's office can be accessed by any player until someone sits on the black office chair, which switches them to the "Manager" team. When there is already a manager in the server, it is impossible for others to do this until that manager leaves or gets kicked.


If a manager is being unfair or is not doing their job, players may step on the aforementioned "Remove Manager" button located in a small room near the manager's office. This will submit their vote to remove the manager, taking 8 votes in total for a manager to be fired. Players can view how many votes have been casted thus far by looking above the button.


Cashier 


Cashiers must take orders from customers who either take the appearance of pre-made NPCs or of players in the server (universally showing up wearing the 1.0 package). The customers come in through the front door or drive up to the drive-thru and will continue to stand or park until talked to. After clicking on the speech bubble above the top of the customer's head, there are 3 options for the cashier to respond with. In regular mode, all of them are correct. However, they will take some time to choose their order. In Advanced Mode, all but 2 of the options are incorrect. In this mode, the customers will take less time to choose what they want. Additionally, the customer's order will be in text instead of appearing as an image. The cashier must read their response and press the correct menu item button on the cash register. Selecting the wrong option or clicking the wrong button will turn away the customers. In older versions of the game, the advanced version was the default.


Cashiers can also take orders from actual players. To order an item, players must come up to the cash register to get a pop-up menu showing decals of the three pizzas and Fizzly with each item costing 100 coins. Once the player makes a selection, they must tell the cashier what they want in the chat. It undergoes the same process of cooking and boxing as an NPC order would, with the only difference being that it can be delivered to the player directly. If the cashier makes the wrong selection, the player will not be charged and can try to order again until the cashier makes the correct selection.


Newer players can access a cashier tutorial by pressing a yellow button located in the near the drive-thru window. This tutorial can be played anytime, but it will not show up to players who deleted or finished it.


Cook 


Cooks work in the kitchen area of the pizzeria, which is located just behind the cashier area. They fulfill orders shown on the whiteboard just above the preparation area. When making pizzas, cooks need to make sure that the pizza has been properly prepared and baked. When Fizzly drinks are ordered, all the cook needs to do is drag the required number of cans onto the conveyor belt, which moves into the boxing area.


To make a pizza, the cook must first check the whiteboard where orders are displayed. There are 3 kinds of pizza: cheese, sausage, and pepperoni. It all begins by dragging in pizza dough from the left of the prep table. There are four trays on said table: sauce, cheese, pepperoni, and sausage. To add ingredients, the cook must click and drag the ingredient to the pizza dough. All pizzas require sauce and cheese, while the pepperoni or sausages are only added if required.


Fizzly cans can be acquired from the fridge right next to the dough area. Since it is a canned beverage, it doesn't need to be prepared.


After the cook adds all the ingredients to the dough, they must open an oven, place the raw pizza inside and close it. The conveyor that leads into the boxing room will reject an item if:



  
It is not a pizza or a Fizzly soda.

  
It was not ordered and/or displayed on the order screen.

  
It lacks the required ingredients.

  
It's gone cold.

  
It's been burned.

  
It has bugs on it.

  
It's not cooked.




Pizzas that are burning can be put out by equipping the extinguisher located right next to the door leading out into the cashier area. The cook must grab the extinguisher by pressing the "E" key or clicking on it and continue holding the right mouse button while facing the pizza until the sound of the fire going out is made. Then, it can be thrown away via the trash can near the cashier area entrance. Pizzas can also be trashed if they've been infested by bugs due to being left on the floor. If a bug-infested pizza is placed in the oven, a squealing noise will play and they will turn black. Cold pizzas, however, can be reutilized by simply reheating them.


Newer players can access a cooking tutorial by pressing a yellow button located near the ovens. This tutorial can be played anytime, but it will not show up to players who deleted or finished it.


Pizza Boxer 


Pizza Boxers are responsible for taking pizzas and Fizzly cans from the kitchen and boxing or placing them onto the correct conveyors, the boxing area is located right outside the manager's office. Pizza boxers must take the pizza from the conveyor belt on the right and take a box from the compartment above the boxing table, drag the pizza into a box, and then close it. The boxed pizza is then placed on the conveyor belt on the left and transported to the delivery table. If a pizza that isn't boxed tries to go through the conveyor, it will be rejected. Fizzly cans cannot be boxed, so they are placed directly on the smaller conveyor belt next to the pizza delivery conveyor.


In older versions of the game, dozens of pizzas could be seen on the roof right above the boxing and delivery areas. This would happen because boxers accidentally dragged the pizzas above the pizzeria. If a boxer had their camera tilted just right, they could actually drag those pizzas back down from the roof and box them. In 2018, however, this had been patched.


The pizza boxes currently have the "Builder Brothers Pizza" logo. They previously showed the "Hot & Fresh Pizza Pizza" logo, which was a logo of a real brand, so it was most likely changed to avoid copyright infringement.


Newer players can access a pizza boxing tutorial by pressing a yellow button located in front of the box prep table. This tutorial can be played anytime, but it will not show up to players who deleted or finished it.


Delivery 


Delivery drivers are responsible for delivering the boxed pizzas and Fizzly drinks to the correct houses or player. Each of these houses has an assigned house number (such as "A1", "B2", "C3", etc.). Every order will have one of these house numbers unless they're a player-ordered item, in which case they will show a preview of said ordered item (such as a Fizzly can). The driver must go to the correct house and carry the corresponding items to the front door, where a model of the NPC or player the order was taken from will open the door and take it and any other orders that house may have. If the delivery driver delivers an order to the wrong house, there will be no penalty, meaning that it can be delivered to the right costumer with no problem. They get 10 coins (which was previously 15 coins per order until updated back to 10 in the July 2018 update) per pizza and Fizzly delivered. If they deliver a rainbow pizza or Fizzly, then they will get 100 coins. The coins given will increase in quantity with the progressive addition of 2 coins for every order given to the same house.


Delivery is one of the most crucial jobs of the pizza place, with the other being Supplier, as it is the only way employees are paid without bonus checks or microtransactions. When a pizza is delivered, everyone earns money for it. It is important to have good delivery drivers, especially those who know to take advantage of the daily Double Time and Neon Time event, In Double Time each delivery earns everyone twice as much money. Double Time starts about every 30 minutes and lasts for 4. In Neon Time event, each delivery earns 100 money, Neon Time starts if someone spends 295 Robux on it, or sometimes it will start automatically. Neon Time lasts for 4 minutes.


Newer players can access a delivery tutorial by pressing a yellow button located near the locker. This tutorial can be played anytime, but it will not show up to players who deleted or finished it.


Supplier 


Suppliers are responsible for transporting the pizza ingredients, boxes, and sodas from the warehouse to the pizzeria using large trucks in order to keep resources available. The supplies are cubes of pizza dough, tomato sauce, cheese, pepperonis, sausages, Fizzly, and boxes. Depending on what supplies run out, progress within the pizza place is halted until the supplier restocks the missing supplies, so they must always watch for any items that are running low. The maximum number of resources that each item can be restocked to is 99, with no more being counted until that supply has lowered again. When the supply runs out, it will be marked with a 0, which will be flashing red.


There are two boards that show the stock of each supply: one in the pizza place's loading dock and another in the warehouse. Suppliers can check these boards to know which items need to be replenished. Towards the back of the warehouse, there are buttons with corresponding colors relating to specific supplies which the supplier can step on to produce the ingredient cubes, which can then be loaded into supply trucks.


Afterward, the supplier must drive the truck to the pizza place's loading dock, park in reverse, exit the truck, and pull the lever to release the boxes onto the conveyor belt.


Because the pizza place depends on having ingredients for orders, the supplier is possibly the most important job in the game. Suppliers must know how to stack the supplies so there are no "loose" boxes, which may fall off the truck or make the truck fling off the map. Luckily, delivery trucks can knock down trees and mailboxes. This can give suppliers an advantage if there are any obstacles on the road.


Newer players can access a supplier tutorial by pressing a yellow button located just in front of the buttons. This tutorial can be played anytime, but it will not show up to players who deleted or finished it.


On Break 


Players who are not currently working are "On Break". Players will get this status by walking into their house or someone else's house or choosing to stay home during the job selection at the beginning of the game. Players who are "On Break" do not get coins when pizzas are delivered. However, they would receive paychecks if they worked before going on break. Since the December 2017 update, managers will be placed on break if they enter a house. A message will show up for the manager confirming if they want to go on break or not, and warning that someone else can become manager during that time. For trolls, this gives them a small advantage, because managers can't put them back to work unless they give up their jobs to walk into a troll's homes.


Houses


When a new player joins the game, they are automatically given a house which they can customize. This house saves automatically, loading in whenever they join Work at a Pizza Place.


There are twelve houses on the map, divided into three sections: A (A1-A3), B (B1-B6) and C (C1-C3). The player's house will be placed into a random vacant location on one of these three streets. Any houses which are not occupied by players will be vacant (sporting gray paint and the Medium House upgrade) until a new player joins.


Houses are a way for players to spend and manage their hard-earned coins. Players can change the color of their house's walls, roofs, doors, and windows, as well as buy furniture from the in-game Catalog, which they can then place wherever they want in their house. Additionally, VIP only items, coins, and gamepasses can be bought with Robux.


Houses start off with the Shack House upgrade. Players can use the coins they earn from working, bonuses they get from the manager, their daily coins for joining the game, or buying house gamepasses to upgrade their house. These upgrades can expand the player's house size and floors (such as Large House, Two-Story House, and Backyard, as well as Mansion).


Formerly, players could rate houses, but this was removed since it was most likely considered unnecessary. A like button has been added to replace the rating system. You can find it under the Customization tab in the Catalog for 800 coins.


Upgrades


The following is an ordered list of all currently available house upgrades that players can progress through:


This is the second largest upgrade available for the house. It is coming with features; Can hold 800 furniture pieces, place furniture in the front yard, a second balcony, custom ceiling/stair colors, and a wooden backyard fence. Plus an attic.


600,000 coins or 4200 Robux


Since an 2022 update, you can get Modern Houses after purchasing an Estate. Here are currently available modern houses:


 
 Name Cost Description  Tiny Free A Tiny modern house, similar to Shack house, but it haves different look.  Small 40,000 coins Bigger modern house, where you can put more furniture than in Tiny house.  Garage 80,000 coins Similar to Small house, but it adds a Garage even if you don't have the gamepass.  



 
 Name Cost Description  Garage 145 R$ Adds a separate garage that can spawn locked cars and paint on a car will stay on, even if you generate a new car.  Pontoon Boat 650 R$ Gives a luxury boat with a music player and 11 seats. (In 2018 the Pontoon Boat's music player was modified. As of the update, only the driver can hear the audio they play).  



Shop (Catalog & The Dump)


Since the homes of new players have nothing in them, they are usually encouraged to customize their homes by buying furniture from the catalog, using in-game coins which they earn from completing their jobs. Another way of buying furniture is The Dump. The Dump offers discounts on items in the catalog and can have rarity items along with locked items which once purchased will unlock that item in the catalog. The discounts for the dump go up to 90%, which can be sold back to make a 15% profit as items are sold back at a 75% reduction of the original price. Mr. Builder owns The Dump (previously there were 2 clerks who can help you change the color of parts of your house in exchange for coins but paint buckets were issued to everyone from January 23, 2017, to replace this feature). The Dump was once closed from January 23, 2017, to January 31, 2019.


The catalog contains gear, furniture, etc., which can be purchased with coins. Once you buy something from the catalog, in order to use it or place it in your house, you must use the inventory (bag on top left corner). Use the removal tool (red X gear on 2nd row [gear row]) to remove furniture.



  
To start with, the game will offer you a free furniture item (previously 4). Open up the inventory (backpack icon) and click on the item to equip and place it in your house!

  
A free gift appears above your mailbox occasionally, which is a daily item. Touch the mailbox when the present icon is shown above your mailbox.




Coins


Coins are the only currency used in Work at a Pizza Place.


You can earn coins through the following:



  
Starter Check (500 coins — can only be obtained once)

  
Daily Check (200 coins, 400 with VIP)

  
Paycheck (Twice an in-game day, once in the daytime and once in nightfall)

  
Bonus Check (150 coins, given by the manager)

  
Uncashed Paycheck (If the player leaves without claiming the standard check)

  
Secret Island Chest (1500 coins — can only be obtained once)

  
Microtransactions

  
Selling unwanted items

  
Moneybag (maximum 2000 coins, each coin gives 200)




Zoobers


Pets (referred to as 'Zoobers') were added to the game during Christmas 2015. They can be purchased for 7,000 coins. The player can customize their Zoober upon purchase and can have 3 active at a time. The Zoobers will float near you but can be held in the player's hand if instructed to. The player can disable their Zoober any time by simply clicking the green button on the bottom right, and click it again to re-activate the Zoober.


Customization


The player can purchase accessories for their Zoober through the top hat button in the Pet interface. Only 1 accessory can be worn by a Zoober at a time.


Caretaking


The player will need to frequently check the Pet tab on the top of their screen to check on their Zoober's stats. The 4 stats are:


These need to be frequently checked on, and if one of the stats are low, the player can click on the correct button representing the stat to increase it (e.g. If the Zoober's sleep stats are low, click the "Sleep" button to put them to sleep). Zoober with very low stats has a tendency to cry or appear sleepy.


Since the update of the new pet GUI, caretaking is no longer available and the only way to make the pet sad or cry is to make them sleep and then jump.


Stickers


A picture of all stickers which can be obtained.


Stickers were added to the game on September 15, 2018, and function as cosmetic decorations which players can collect and apply to walls for aesthetic purposes. Their color determines the rarity, which ranges from Common (Blue), Uncommon (Green), Rare (Yellow) and Legendary (Purple). They were originally awarded for free through a daily reward system but were later changed to be available through serving customers who arrive with a capsule in their hand. Once the customer's order is delivered, it will award all players currently working at the time with a random sticker. Stickers can also be purchased using Robux from vendors in the main dining area of the restaurant and rolling a duplicate sticker will award the player with coins.


A customer holding an uncommon sticker capsule.


Employee Benefits


The manager has the power to hand out employee benefits to hard-working employees. There are two kinds of employee benefits: Bonus checks and Employee of the Day.



  
Bonus checks can be handed out by the manager for hard work. These are blue, 150 coins checks which can be cashed instantly. There is a 10-minute cool down for handing out bonus checks.



  
The Employee of The Day is a highly sought-after award that managers may appoint an employee for. The employee of the day is commemorated with a golden plaque of their avatar in the cashier room, manager's office, and the pizza boxing room. There is a 15-minute cool down between selecting employees of the day. Apart from having your name on the wall, this has no benefits.




Party Island


Party Island is a game that can be teleported to from Work at a Pizza Place. The game allows players to customize their house and throw parties, where other players can dance and explore other people's houses. DJ booths are popular party items. The map, unlike the regular game, only features houses, and lots of people can play.


Players can teleport through the tall portal next to The Dump.


Easter Eggs



  
It is possible to push a customer away from the cashier area and even carry them on your head. Walk into a customer until they move and jump onto your head. When they are on your head, you can take them to an oven, get them off your head, shove them in the oven, close the door, and bake them alive. They can be still interacted with normally, even when burnt to a crisp. After a while, the burnt customer will despawn. It is unknown if this is intentional or not.

  
There is a rocky island far northwest of the back of the pizza place. On the island, there is a treasure chest that will give you a one-time prize of 700 coins upon being opened. 

  
An additional jungle-like island can be found southeast of the front of the pizza place. This island has a small shelter with a homeless man whom you used to be able to sell your unwanted items to. Eventually, the homeless man was moved to the side of the old dump, until the dump renovation update came out, then he was moved back to the island, and you could no longer sell things to him. Now, you can sell unwanted items to the person at the front counter of the dump. To the east of the jungle island, there is a tropical island with a shelter, a homeless man whom you can't talk to, and a cave.




Double Time Event & Special Pizzas


During the Double Time event which will happen occasionally in the game, players and customers would be able to walk faster and orders turn to gold pizzas. During Neon Time event, players and customers would be able to walk faster and orders turn to rainbow pizzas. Special pizzas are pizzas that will increase the money gained for completing a regular order.



  
If the order is golden, you will get double the amount of money.

  
If the order is rainbow, you will get 10 times the amount of money. Rainbow pizzas and Fizzly makes a sparkling sound when nearby.

  
During Double time, all pizzas are golden for 4 minutes. When Double Time ends, all of the pizzas go back to normally, except the pizzas that were supposed to be golden in the first place.

  
During Neon Time, all pizzas are rainbow for 4 minutes. When Neon Time ends, all of the pizzas go back to normallym except the pizzas that were supposed to be rainbow in the first place.




Game passes 


There are 13 gamepasses. Every gamepass is permanent.



  
50% more coins per paycheck.

  
X2 more coins in Daily checks.

  
You can use your paint bucket to change the material of your boat, car, or house.

  
The manager cannot put you back to work or nominate you for a ban.

  
Able to invite players to teleport to your house to have a party.

  
Able to teleport back to your house at any time.

  
Access to neon floors in the catalog.

  
Crown icon next to a name.

  
Yellow text chat.



  
Free Jeep vehicle included

  
Nearly 2X the floor space!

  
New attic!

  
Giant garage!

  
Able to place furniture in the garage!

  
Able to place furniture on the side of your house




Badges


Obtainable Badges

 Name Image Objective  Manager  Give a bonus check to 15 players as manager.  Supplier  Bring a total of 500 supply boxes to the pizza place.  Delivery  Deliver 100 pizzas.  Pizza Boxer  Box 100 pizzas.  Cook  Cook 100 pizzas.  Cashier  Take 100 customer orders. 

Unobtainable Badges

 Name Image Objective  Snowman  Help the snowman find his carrot nose.  Hard Worker  Earn the Joyful Bell Helmet by performing each job (except manager) 5 times. If you leave the game, your progress toward the joyful bell helmet will reset. Bring 5 supply boxes to the pizza place, take 5 customer orders, cook 5 pizzas, box 5 pizzas(or Fizzly), deliver 5 pizzas(or Fizzly). Players using mobile devices do not have to take 5 customer orders.  Find Robin  Find Robin hidden on the map.  Pizza Hat  Unknown.  Find the zombie  Unknown.  Boombox Backpack  Unknown.  Pizza Mohawk  Unknown.  Purple Afro  Unknown.  Disco Hat  Unknown. 

Events


ROBLOX Holiday 2014 Event


This is the first time for featuring in an event. The objective is need to do all job 10 times, expect Manager and On Break jobs to get the Joyful Bell Helmet. The second objective is need to find to the carrot nose in spawn-points to get the Snowman's Carrot Nose.


Teen Titans Go! Event


This is the second time for featuring in an event. The objective is need to find tiny Robin spawning throughout the game to get the Robin's Mask.


Disney Infinity Event


This is the third time for featuring in an event. The objective is need to deliver 30 times in the server to get the Pizza Place Hat.


Blink


This was a third party event with the game Blink (outside of roblox), created by Dued1's brother. If you purchased Blink, you could get special items in Work at a Pizza Place.


BLOXtober 2015 Event


This event is the fourth one held in the game. The objective is need to find the tiny zombie, which spawns in random places to get the Nerf Bandana.


Pizza Party Event


This is the fifth time for featuring in an event. The objective is need to touch a pizza that has been shot from a Community Pizza Launcher to get the Boombox Backpack. The second objective is need to touch a pizza that has been shot from a Developer Pizza Launcher to get the Pizza Mohawk. The third objective is need to touch a pizza that has been shot from a Video Star Pizza Launcher to get the Purple Party Fro. The fourth objective is need to touch a pizza that has been shot from a Admin Pizza Launcher to get the Disco Ball Helmet.


Languages



  
English

  
Spanish

  
German

  
French

  
Turkish

  
Polish

  
Russian

  
Italian

  
Brazilian Portuguese

  
Korean

  
Dutch

  
Japanese

  
Malay

  
Traditional Chinese

  
Simplified Chinese




Trivia


This section is a trivia section. Please relocate any relevant information into other sections of the article. 



  
Fizzly was originally Mountain Dew, and Builder Brothers Pizza was originally Hot and Fresh Pizza Pizza, but they were most likely changed due to copyright.

  
One of the wrong responses you used to be able to say to customers was "Hi, I'm Buddy the Elf, what's your favorite color?", this is a line from the 2003 Christmas comedy film, Elf.

  
On March 30, 2018, Dued1 released two new exclusive items and double cash for two days as part of the game's 10th anniversary. 

  
However, contrary to popular belief, Work at a Pizza Place was released in January 2009. The game ID originally occupied one of the Easter eggs of the game; Work at the Krusty Krab.

