Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links


Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links APK MOD is Konami’s Collectible Card Game (TCG), a stripped-down version of the famous version on PC and consoles. The game combines a magical anime world, mysterious character relationships, a deeply integrated storyline and Konami’s excellent gameplay. Anyone who hasn’t had a chance to try this game on other platforms will need to download the game now in order to play.


Introduce about Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links APK MOD


The game universe of Yu-Gi-Oh! has never stopped


A great manga has created a great gaming universe


“Yu-Gi-Oh!” is a popular manga series created by Kazuki Takahashi since 1996. It has an engaging plot and tons of characters and all the details associated with them.


The series’ popularity and appeal prompted renowned game studio Konami to license and develop a Trading Card Game (TCG) game based on this original release. Originally, the game was only available on console and PC platforms, but it is now available for mobile apps. The game is definitely coming, so now we have something to say.


Duel Links version for Android devices


Yu-Gi-Oh! Day! The Duel Link is out on Android and iOS, and it’s not that every fan of the game is sobbing. Especially those who love gaming or have been listening to it for a long time and haven’t had the chance to fully experience it on PC and consoles. Few names in the history of cross-platform gaming have been as synonymous with a storm as Yu-Gi-Oh! can be taken care of.


How is this game different from the original on PC?


Notorious for shortened versions, but enter the game queen! Duel Links, everything about the king of the game is fully reproduced, with almost no shortage of characters, scenes to the most intense wit. In Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links we will explore more together in Duel World, which can be roughly understood as a kind of club where you have enough ability to face and challenge any opponent. The two original cards we had from scratch were Seahorse (Kaiba Seto) and Yugi (Yugi Mutou). Since then, the battle with the white dragon and the black magician has begun… without compromise.


Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links has two game modes


In offline battle mode, you will fight alone with the character you want to challenge in the world of the duel world. You will fight against the system’s AI. The good thing is that each character’s map in the story can have many different experiences. At the same time, you can also play, enjoy and listen to the original voices of the characters from the original comics. The downside is that the system can sometimes be tricked by player choices into making you level up.


If you like to duel many other online players on the same board, play online multiplayer mode. Like you, your opponent is a character from the story, but controlled by a real person who sits on a machine and fights you. The advantage is that you can pick people of the same level as yourself for moderate fights. However, you need an internet connection. And this game is very power hungry.


Can newbies easily understand how to play?


For newbies, especially those who have never heard of card games (through real cards or games), start playing! Dueling Links will be a huge challenge. Konami offers an intermediate option to help you get used to the situation by doing a “short workout” before a normal game.


You will fully understand the basic steps and logical thinking, pointing out some of the enemy’s strengths in order to become more familiar and confident in the game. Few card games are so user-friendly, so at this point I really appreciate Konami’s spirit of sharing.


If you are a fan of the magic card game genre, this is the perfect place for you to juggle and show off your talents in the ranking points calculation in Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel sessions are based on each player’s stamina rating, which means your limited turns force you to focus all your energy on each fight. It also means that not everyone who plays regularly will get a high score.


MOD APK version of Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links


MOD Features


How to use?


Note, you use MENU MOD to enable/disable the MOD features.


Download Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links APK MOD for Android


You might be a little confused at first like I was playing for the first time. So my advice is to slowly review the direction and the plot. You will see the strengths, weaknesses and gameplay of the entire game. If you only participate in one competition, you will understand the general principles from which you must deduce your logic and judgment. Transform into your favorite character and load Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links MOD APK is here.


What's new


AutoPlay Bot, Show Monster Status Details, Reveal Card Face


Download links


How to install Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links APK?


1. Tap the downloaded Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links APK file.


3. Follow the steps on the screen.


Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Links Mod Apk v1.2.0 Full Download for Android 2017


Appdon Games Apps | Free Download Games and Apps - Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Links Mod Apk v1.2.0 Full Download for Android 2017 - Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Links Latest Full Mod Apk 2017 is a game based card game. This game has a very great card player because they can remove these monsters and magic of the cards that they incur.


The game Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Links is a game developed by Konami Digital Entertainment, which has the features and superb graphics. Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Links is also a card game where each card has its own power of its own monster.


You will be challenged to a duel with legends card players to get their legends card if you beat him. If you succeed in addition to getting the card you can go up to the next level and compete with the enemy more formidable than ever.


You can also combine the cards in order to turn into monsters nicer. Of course, not just any cards that you can join, only certain cards that can successfully combine. You will not be bored playing Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Android Apk Links 2017 is because you can play online with players that exist around the world. Show your card legends cards to them and become a legend of Yu-Gi-Oh. Create excitement by playing Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Links this. Download too: FTS Pes 2017 Apk Mod + Data File Download for Android 2017



  
Minor bug fixes and optimized performance.

  
Single Duel

  
Intuitive control for users of mobile devices

  
Online PvP

  
Many new card collection

  
There are many missions





  
Cards and Status type has seen during battle

  
Card details visible (unless the enemy card)

  
All cards are visible

