Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn



ZEPETO


ZEPETO is a fun social app where you create a digital version of yourself and then go out and make friends.


The way ZEPETO works is simple: when you open the app, you'll be asked to upload a photo of yourself or take a selfie. From there, the app will detect the distinctive features of your face and create an avatar in your image. In just a few seconds, you'll have an adorable digital version of yourself, ready to socialize with the rest of the ZEPETO universe.


In the beginning, you won't have much: no clothes, no objects, etc. But as you participate in challenges and meet new people, you can earn points and use them to buy clothes and decorate your space. You can also level up, unlocking more objects, clothing, and activities. And everything you do in this universe is designed to be as social as possible.


ZEPETO is a fun way to socialize with your very own digital clone. Give it a try!


Requirements (Latest version)


Frequent questions


How do I create a character on ZEPETO?


To create a character on ZEPETO, first you have to sign up. Once you're logged in, you can choose between almost 30 different types of avatars, customize it, and give it a name.


How do I change my character's sex in ZEPETO?


To change your character's sex in ZEPETO, open the settings window and search for 'settings.' Here, you'll find the 'personal' section, where you can change your character's sex whenever you want.


Is ZEPETO free?


Yes, ZEPETO is an app that's free to download. That said, you can make in-app purchases from the store to upgrade your avatar and perform certain actions. These purchases range from €0.89 to €94.99.


Is ZEPETO safe?


Yes, ZEPETO is a safe app for both kids and their parents. The app has a parental control option that lets you manage your kids' messaging and posting permissions.


More information


ZEPETO


Место, где нет ничего невозможного
Другой я в другой вселенной ZEPETO.


Международная платформа, которую используют более 300 млн людей со всего света.
Добро пожаловать в мир ZEPETO!


[Аватар]
Воплотите свое воображение в жизнь.
Пользуйтесь свободой настройки аватара без каких-либо ограничений.


[Мир]
Наиболее реалистичное приключение в мире.
Заводите друзей, фотографируйтесь и вместе проходите неповторимые миссии.


[Авторский контент]
Предметы и миры, созданные вами.
Создать предмет или мир может кто угодно, и на этом даже можно заработать!


[Общение]
Ленты для размещения публикаций и чат 1:1.
Заводите друзей среди пользователей со всего мира.


[Прямой эфир]
Предстаньте перед другими во всем своем великолепии.
Общайтесь в режиме реального времени с помощью прямых эфиров (Лайвов).


[ZEPETO Premium]
Внеочередное рассмотрение заявок Studio и эксклюзивные предметы.
Получите особые преимущества, доступные только тем, кто присоединился к Premium.


Безопасность данных


Чтобы контролировать безопасность, нужно знать, как разработчики собирают ваши данные и передают их третьим лицам. Методы обеспечения безопасности и конфиденциальности могут зависеть от того, как вы используете приложение, а также от вашего региона и возраста. Информация ниже предоставлена разработчиком и в будущем может измениться.


ZEPETO: 3D avatar, chat & meet 12+


A place where nothing is impossible
Another me in another world. ZEPETO.


A global platform with 300 million people around the world.
Welcome to the world of ZEPETO!


[Avatar]
Bring your imagination into life.
Experience the free and infinite avatar customization.


[World]
The most immersive adventure in the world.
Meet friends, take pictures, and enjoy unique missions together.


[Creator Content]
Items and Worlds created by you.
Anyone can easily do it, and even earn profits!


[Social]
Share to feed and chat 1:1.
Make friends with users from all over the world.


[Live]
Show off your amazing self.
Communicate in real-time with Live.


[ZEPETO Premium]
From Studio review priority to exclusive items.
Receive special benefits that only premium members can experience.


Note: The ZEPETO Premium(Monthly price: $3.99 US/monthly) will be charged to App Store Account at confirmation of purchase. Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. Account will be charged for renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period at the rate of the selected plan. You may manage your subscription and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to 'Settings' after purchase.


- Terms and Conditions : https://support.zepeto.me/hc/articles/360053434734
- Privacy Policy : https://support.zepeto.me/hc/articles/360050411493


What’s New


ZEPETO World has improved! 
- We fixed the bugs for a smoother ZEPETO and improved the app performance.


Ratings and Reviews


It’s social media not a game (please read if you’re wondering things about the game)


Ok what I want to say is, it is not (really) a game well, it has a thing on it called ‘world’ it’s a little bit like Roblox bc there a many worlds/games on it. So i am going to explain what it is all about. It has a thing on it called ‘feed’ witch is pretty much like tiktok but you can post little dances with your character and you can post you own videos and pictures it’s pretty cool. You can message people and send pictures and videos to the person that you’re messaging. And it has a thing called ‘match’ it’s a bit like tinder but don’t worry it’s pretty safe in my opinion, but you’re probably like “wth why would there be a tinder on a kids game?!” Well like I said it’s not really a game more like social media, and it’s not exactly geared towards little kids (more like 13 and up but any kid can have it in my opinion) and it’s optional you don’t have to have a profile on match oh and one more thing it’s not your own picture it’s your character. And there is this thing called ‘crew’ it’s little groups that you can make or join other peoples crew. It’s sort of like all the social media’s mushed together (sort of lol) so there is SO much on the app that it would probably take ten thousand years to write it all down so really you’re just going to have to get it to discover it all. Anyways the app is great
 


Developer Response ,


Hello
Marlee 😎,
Thanks for the accurate review and description! We appridcate your support! - ZEPETO Team
 


Zems


I love ZEPETO it’s a lot of fun but however one problem that I have been faced with since I started using the app is that most of the pretty hairs and best outfits are zems (people usually follow others with cute avitars which are almost always people with lots of zems. while there are couple ways of getting zems it’s very rare to actually get them unless you buy premium which isn’t always fair for the kids that maybe don’t have the money or even their own money to spend on premium. So often I quit zepeto for months at a time because I just can’t get a cute avatar with out zems. Most people use surveys as a way of getting zems but my surveys never work and often it takes me hours to complete them only to earn ONE zem (currently they aren’t working they don’t even show up as an option for me anymore.) I know it’s hard to include easy ways for people to get zems because that’s how you earn your profit but I do have one suggestion and that is each day there is a number of adds you have to watch to get a zem like 10 or 20 to get one zem because I would happily watch ads to get zems and if you make the number of ads higher than it would still be somewhat hard to get them :). Also I understand that a new way of getting zems was just added style battling but it isn’t an option for me and it doesn’t say there is an update I have to do so that confuses me. I truly hope you read this because I spent a lot of time writing this so please take my words into consideration! 💎
 


Developer Response ,


https://bit.ly/3x7rDMr Please refer to this link for Ads help. If the problem persists, please contact [Customer Center] and we will help you separately.
 


Good


ZEPETOis good. I’m not crazy about it but I do enjoy it and the little things that you can do. It’s a friends based game. However, some suggestions would be letting other profiles, who like to create things, to get recognized. ZEPETO only likes to show case the videos with the most likes and doesn’t really allot people who wants to make videos and start of new to at least try to get show cases. You have to be a certain value in numbers in order for that to happen. However that is not the case when it comes to style which I highly enjoy. My other suggestion is for the follower list. I am a person who likes my follower list to be organized. So I roughly like to follow the same amount of people that is following me, however when someone unfollows, it takes ages to figure out who just to unfollow them back. It’s heavily time consuming. I know some people don’t care but I’m one of the few that does. It’d be nice if you had a system where it tells you if that person is following you back. Sure you can see on your followers who’s following you, but the moment someone decides to stop following you, that’s too many names to try to remember who’s not on the follower list. So a simple, “This person follows you” either on their page or next to their name on your followers/ following list would be significantly helpful.
 
